It's really not that complicated, after all you did admit that you don't know. So I should not accept what you say without some degree of doubt. In which case I would ask for proof since my experience has shown you to be inconsistent in your responses	Inconsistent how? If you give me specific quotes of mine that were inconsistent, I will be more able to respond. I never said I didn't know. I said there is no empirical evidence. That is not synonymous with not knowing. The word "proof" as I am using it is subjective. What if proof enough for me is not for you. What is proof for me is not empirical. According to my definition, I have proof. It's just not proof that you will accept. It comes down to a simple difference of epistemology. I believe that personal metaphysical evidences can be accepted, you don't. End of story.	notsarc
Over the years these “educated” people through the media as journalist and movie/television writers began sharing their preliminary understanding of evolution as indisputable fact.	You blame others for your failure to understand the basics.	notsarc
It seems King Blue is the stereotype that pro-choice folks think of when they see a pro-life person. Sadly these exisits but shouldn't reduce the message...hopefully	Don't worry, think everyone knows that your side doesn't have the sole monopoly on crazy.	sarc
I know. They did that to us, and now we get to do it back to them. And this time around we've got a whole lot more of undesirables to send over than they did.	You mean the malcontents bred? Oh Noes! Who are the "we" who get to do it back, and whose army will you borrow to do it with? the present bunch of obese felons are already struggling to cope with their present duties.	sarc
Can you please provide a cite in the Constitution that supports the notion that a Supreme Court Justice nominee has the power to declare that any case is "settled law" and the subsequent power to make it so?    I didn't think so.	Reading Difficulties, huh?  There's a cure for that. It's called school. Perhaps you should go there.....	sarc
So, when we believe the gospel, the Holy Spirit baptizes us into Christ's body, and our sins are forgiven through His shed blood.	Well, considering how ambiguous and contradictory the Christian scriptures are, I guess this interpetation makes as much sense as any of the others.	sarc
As I have mentioned many times in these forums, one's personal view of abortion (i.e., whether it should be prohibited or permitted) has nothing whatsoever to do with whether Roe v. Wade should be overturned. If one supports the rule of law, then they would have to support the statement made by Senator McCain. Also, given that you don't like his stated position on gay marriage (i.e., that marriage is a state issue), it appears to me that you don't like democracy either.	Ah, so I don't like democracy, and yet it is you who in the post are telling me that I have to support McCain's statement. Are you serious? That sure doesn't sound like democracy to me. I also find it funny that you claim that I don't like democracy when my very post stated that I would be voting for the Democrat party. But then, I guess if we don't support Bushyboy and his fellow republicanazis, we must be against democracy, right? Get real, Phyllis.	sarc
Yo shush yo mouth!Doncha knows that tha bible is fo believahs!Yas gotta believah furst!That's right, if you read it without believing first, you'll see the flaws and contradictions. You need to magic indwelling spirit of Suspension of Disbelief to fully understand what they bibles about.	Well, I guess you got something there. . . . . .can't put the cart before the hose!!	sarc
care to explain where this fiction came from? i didn't think so.	oh yes we do think so. as you know very well where that figure came from.  the latest study at harvard. new study finds 45,000 deaths annually linked to lack of health coverage | harvardscience interesting, isn't it, how our side is always quoting figures from harvard and such, and all your ilk can dig up is 'townhall' and hannity's second grade collages.	sarc
What's the point of posting a bunch of propaganda from some biased website? Your whole post proves nothing because it doesn't show a causal relationship between gun control and mass murder. How come Sadam Hussein was able to kill so many of his subjects although gun ownership was common among the Iraqi public? I suppose we could find a way to blame all the world's problems on gun-control. Even this pro-gun website admits that you can't blame the holocaust on gun-control. "The simple conclusion is that there are no lessons about the efficacy of gun control to be learned from the Germany of the first half of this century. It is all too easy to forget the seductive allure that fascism presented to all the West, bogged down in economic and social morass. What must be remembered is that the Nazis were master manipulators of popular emotion and sentiment, and were disdainful of people thinking for themselves. There is the danger to which we should pay great heed. Not fanciful stories about Nazi's seizing guns." http://www.guncite.com/gun_control_gcnazimyth.html	So do you want to argue my points or do you want to argue me? Which of my bullits are wrong? Which of them are right?	notsarc
Yes, you are right - the Civil War was fought to keep the union in tact. But, it is also a fact that Abraham Lincoln, the Commander in Chief of the Union Army, did not believe that the union could be preserved unless slavery was abolished.	Possibly, depends on what you read and by whom. Still, the war wasn't aganist slavery.	notsarc
The purpose of hte bill of rights is to recognise certain pre-exisitng rights, but specifically NOT to curtail any that are not specifically recognised.	But still, if you think there are rights in the bill of rights that is wrong, that should not be granted or guaranteed, it would be a viable option to vote for removing them.What debate are you trying to end here? The debate: 'do you want little or less gun-control'?	notsarc
emoticonXDonno how is that fair? basically your reasoning is "lets just give the christians the whole marriage thing, and let the gays get married at city hall by a 67 year old judge who probably doesnt agree with them anyways."i mean, what happened to the separtion of church and state? did we, somewhere along the line forget, that little document we call the constitution. it dosnt simply say "see bible"everybody should have equal rights. no matter your race, creed, or religion. if joe and bob want to get married, how the heck is it our place to stop them? and im sorry if it makes you uncomfortable to think of that, but unless joe comes to your house to shoot your dog, its not really your concern.and come on, im tired of all these ppl using the bible to cover up simple ignorance and prejudice.so why dont we all take a hop-skip-and- jump into 2007, re evaluate our morals, and get a clue. emoticonXGood	You have to remember that those christians believe that the laws of God superceed those of man. That thier allegiance is to God and his laws above those of the constitution. They also believe that all should be subject to Gods by force if nesesary.	notsarc
dreaming up imaginary what if situations doesnt prove anything,youve got nothing	I'm not trying to prove anything. I'm asking if you'd think differently in that case, and you're not answering.	notsarc
And where does the macroevolution feature in that combination?	Because the soundbite "survival of the fittest" was coined to explain evolution to the stupid masses.	sarc
Not really. eugenics are not following evolution. Hitler for example didn't follow evolution at all. His entire aryan race didn't have a single fact of evolution in it.	So you evolved and the aryan race was created by God? I have never heard that before.	sarc
you haven't provided any evidence the bible is a fairy tale. but i do think you like the sound of those last two words in the previous sentence. it's god or the government (romans 13) in the nt who dispense capital punishment. if you weren't so consumed with your illicit gay sex escapades to read the nt you would have known that. keep screwing around and god himself just might take you and/or your buddy jazy off the earth like he did with annanias sapphira in the book of acts.	does the military have a position on this or have any data to show it helps or hurts something? really that is what it should come down to.	notsarc
I thought their reasoning was quite bizzare.	It's a real mess, though you've to got to give them points for originality.	sarc
so peddler, where's the proof of creation?*snicker* Guess what, CREATION IS LIES.Prove me wrong.	My house evolved over millions of years. it built itself . Prove me wrong. emoticonXRolleyes	sarc
Sure I can, most of the gays in this forum are militant..............	Well I guess then it's open season to call all anti's "CHRISTONAZI"	sarc
The problem with ID is that there is no evidence, and it is simply not possible to falsify it. If we were able to prove that our dating procedures were false and that really we stood on 2 legs back when the Earth was created and that the fossil record is not really as we thought it was, evolution would be falsified. Intelligent design can simply not be falsified because there is no supporting evidence for it. That is the line between religion and science.	The problem with happenstance origins is that there is no evidence, and it's simply not possible to falsify it. If we were able to prove so many scientific proceedures (from abiogenesis to radiometric dating - all based on the presupposition that there is no God) were indisputably true, then ID would be falsified. There is not enough supporting evidence for happenstance origins. Yet so much of happenstance origins is considered science, so all too often, there is no line between religion and science.	notsarc
4Forums is secretly run by the government for the sole purpose of identifying non-conformists and physiologically torturing them with a mind control device that lets them speak directly into your brain with high frequency radio waves, this device also allows them to read your mind.	I though the torture was just a result of the number of wing nuts there were around the place.	sarc
I'm not selfish, whether you or your buddy JP like to think so or not - I just look at actual reality rather than a fantasy world.	Actually all decisions based on the self ARE selfish decisions. I really don't care. I make them all the time too. Everyone does. While this is a philosophical issue I really see it as odd that people claim not to be selfish when doing something that benefits them or prevents harm to them with little regard to anyone else.	notsarc
EVOLUTION A FACT? Why are we told that Darwin's theory of evolution is a scientific fact -- even though many of its claims are based on misrepresentations of the facts?	Really? Then why did you start off your little rant by admitting that "...microevolution cannot be reasonably disputed." Evolution has been observed, and that is a fact. Speciation in both plants and animals has been observed, and that is a fact. Apparently you don't know what a theory is. Might it not be wise to learn just a little about science before you make yourself look so foolish? Theories explain facts.	sarc
proof. give me proof that 'these animals' are the same citizens of iraq which we are attacking, occupying their homeland and adding an extra layer of tyrrany to an already terrorized, fearful country?  give me proof that shoving our fear and anger at innocent civilians is anything close to what is right or just.  we replace saddam hussain with george bush and the only real difference is that gb has never once set foot inside their country.  so don't give me that line that aborted fetuses are innocent in comparission. if you claim that a fetus is a life, what does it matter what type of life it is? human life is still human life.	so now name calling and accusations as to my mental health are what you concider as rational thought?  i expect that you must be some sort of expert on warfare, in paticular this war? am i to believe that you are a soldier there now?  your rage towards me in your post only shows just how easily upset you are. i posted exactly what i meant to and you went off on a tangent. i asked you for proof and all you can do is a schoolyard tactic if 'show me yours before i show mine?' pitiful.	sarc
Clinton got around the draft twice. Militarist Richard Bruce Cheney, who was eager to send our young American men and women into an unnecessary war, evaded serving in the military FIVE DIFFERENT TIMES!	So? What does that prove? That Cheney's draft number was called more often than Slick's? emoticonXConfused	sarc
No kidding sherlock. When did I compare any animal to fixed wing aircraft ? It was child who made the comparison.	Insects are not birds. Get your terminology correct. Also please stop lying. It makes baby jesus cry.	sarc
it doesn't matter how powerful your computer-powered multiplier of power becomes. the first time he eats a pizza with something good on it, has a beer or a little bit of grab-ass with a woman not wearing a beekeeper suit, muslims will commit to blowing up and/or beheading him, and by sheer number alone, they will succeed.	i'm pretty sure you're joking... but still, if one has the power to acquire and manipulate knowledge sufficiently well, then one can learn to protect himself from bombs and such. my house was recently afflicted by ants. massive amounts of ants. yet their numbers did not amount to much after the strategic placement of a few of these.	notsarc
Welcome to the United States of America, where, if the people have anything to say about it, RELIGION DOES NOT MAKE UP THE LAW!	Not true Our laws were originally founded on the precepts of the 10 commandments........	notsarc
Ludacris and many others in the hip hop scene disrespect women with their lyrics and videos. Much of what hip hop puts out contributes to unwanted pregnancies.	I think hip hop and the arts are reflections of society. It is good to bring these issues to light, if only so that those who wouldn't normally be aware of them are enlightened.	notsarc
Very interesting, cuz I was born in Liberal Democratic Boston Mass to a Sunni Moslem Mother and a Shiite Moslem Father and yet here I am a Right Wing, Born Again Conservative Republican Christian. And have been a right wing thinking and conservative even before I accepted jesus as my savior. Weird huh ? I guess your little geographical generalization forgot to take into account the individual free will that each of us possesses.	Are there many liberal democrat left wing thinking born again Christians? Weird huh?	sarc
Another dimwitted white guy who lu-u-u-u-u-u-ves his guns.	And yet it's usually the liberal democrats who are in favor of murdering innocent children...	sarc
um, in the debate description it talks about how marx predicted that laissez faire capitalism would lead to an the nation being ruled by an elite few, which would cause the working majority to revolt. i merely showed how socialism with private property is fascism and capitalism with regulations is fascism. am i saying it's bad? no, that's for you decide. if you like fascism, good for you.	alright, i think i see your point know. however, i think the only way in which conservatives would be socialist is that they're soo capitalist they end up effectively swinging back to the other end of the spectrum by making people want to kill them. which is a silly argument because the proletariat ain't never rose up and not settled for simple tax breaks or what have you. furthermore, i'm intrigued by your fascism point, i'm just wondering how it affects the debate. are you saying that essentially all political ideals can effectively be reduced to the same ideology at their basest level?	notsarc
2. What about consensus is proof? Is there not a consensus among Christians concerning creationism? Does that make it a fact?	No, there isn't a consensus among Christians, at least not beyond the fact that God was responsible in one way or another for the universe existing. There is no consensus about method.	notsarc
Correct. He would also break the speed limit, but not run a stop light...but he protected innocent people with violence toward criminals. Anyway, I said "Batman type", not copies of Batman. Biff! Bam! Pow!I suppose you'd have had him arrested for Bat-tery and supported the criminal defense fund (...had you been in the script).	It might be telling that super heroes typically don't use firearms. That I'd prefer my crowds to have few if any guns concealed within hardly makes me pro-crime. Nor does it make me a pacifist. I'm a big fan of violence. The hands on kind.	sarc
all of these are interesting reads about the fbi shootout with two perps.  miami fbi shootout platt and matix - google search	be sure and count the number of hits vs. the number of misses of some well trained leos. sap, remember your postition you took now on citizens might miss and hit some innocent person? read 3 or 4 versions of this shootout and learn something! lots of useful information in there.	sarc
The figures for the number of gun related deaths in the US should be evidence enough that 'the people' cannot be trusted with guns. This does not mean all the people, but a large enough proportion of the people to be a danger the rest of you.	So the fact that we still have criminals who choose to kill others, should be used against is in determining whether we can be trusted or not?	sarc
yet it is a conculsion derived without evidence. it is only based on what is seen in an instant, not what is seen through time. you just proved my point that there is a preconcieved notion. it has been taught to you. (at least, i seriously doubt you have gone out and observed something evolving first-hand). constant mutation in every generation is not something observed. it still would not account for the extreme specificity of nylon. again, the chances of- a random mutation allowing multiple (i assume there was more than 1 survivor) organisms to digest a synthetic material that happens to be dumped where they are- are very much against it	quiet the opposite. fossil records give us a snap shoct of location in time going way back. molecular biology, geology, radiography do so as well. where do you get the idea that there is no evidence? everything we have in our heads is what has been taught to us. shoulder's of giants, hun. it is observed. you and i have about one hundred non fatal mutations in our genotype. remember, most mutations are innocuous. not so. only one of a pathogenetic organism needs this and as mutation is pretty common in rappid generation organisms (bacteria) situations the 'chances' are very much in favour of it happening. remember, mutations are happening to every bacteria every generation at random.	notsarc
(BTW, I think the ban on all cigarette lighters in planes is more than a bit overboard too).	That's ok, cause it's completely legal to light up a cigarette while driving. I guess some feel that must be a lot safer than using a phone.	sarc
Oh it's no mistake Montalban. I, unlike you, am quite clear in my arguments, and have a direction and a goal. We can take your other definitions of creationism one at a time, thank you very much.	What do you mean by other definitions? Before you stated "Creation is...." thus it is implicit in this that you are arguing against a single homogonous construct. And it's embarrassing for you to realise that there's actually as much variance of opinion in this, as in evolution.	notsarc
Look around. Faith did not spontaneously generate out of thin air. It is obviously part of our psyche. Every civilization throughout history has felt the need for some type of faith. Even on different sides of the planet.It's as natural as the sun rising.	But what about the hypothetical?I can't think of a single child on this planet that has never been exposed to the ideas of the supernatural.So, what I was asking is whether faith is nature or nurture.That's why I brought up kids being afraid of the dark, likely no matter what anyone tells them. I think it's this fear of the unknown linked to the "logical" brain of a human that possibly creates this need for explanations. But faith involves specifics, so when the specifics are filled in and "make sense" to more than one person, these specific "explanations" can be passed down.So I don't know how much of faith is nature and how much is nurture.	notsarc
archangel just does not want gay people to get married because he is mean. he has his marriage and does not want us to be happy.	oh yes matt, i'm just an angry little ogre who can't stand to think that gays might find happiness in this lifetime, [sarcasm]. get a clue matthew, i have no personal investment at all regarding your life or your lifestyle. all i'm doing is sharing the spiritual truths that you hate to hear or consider. don't blame me because you live a life of delusions and self deception, because that is the life you are living. and none of those so called good people who encourage and show tolerance for your chosen lifestyle are your friends at all. and yet you prefer their lies to my truth. go figure huh?	sarc
ah, well, then you in you 'broad and unprejudiced view'emoticonxrolleyesemoticonxrolleyes can obviously tell us those supposed myriad other views. i wait with bated breath for your answer.	the simple and most usual one would be bluntly that marriage is and always has been between members of the opposite sex. there may possibly have been some strange aberrations in the past but essentially that has always been the bottom line even for homosexuals. in addition to those there will be those who oppose it on religious grounds. and why shouldn't they if they so wish ? marriage is an institution not a right. if you don't qualify then you don't enter. by all means campaign to have the rules changed but don't be surprised if they aren't.	notsarc
Oh, I know what he is trying to establish there.I do want him to own up and admit what he is trying to establish. Don't expect him to, but hey, "miracles" happen (according to him). :pIn fact, as a return question, I'd like to ask him: does someone rely on the Odyssey to establish the existence of Pallas Athene, Circe or Calypso ?	Because the Iliad and Odyssey do not claim to be divine does not mean they should be placed under a different threshold as the Bible. Otherwise, it's special pleading on your part, and thus logically fallacious. This is one of many inconsistencies between skeptics in regards to the scrutiny of the Bible. They are unwilling to put the standards they have on the Bible against other books similar in age. If they did, there would not be a single book left standing.	notsarc
And LIVING ones even more... ok Adolph.	You just had to bring Godwin into didn't you. >_>   Besides what good is a corpse? Nevermind you're never going to understand my logic so I might as well not waste the time.	sarc
let me try to translate into words1. if there is a god in this world, there is a god in all worlds2. there being a god is a possibility3. If there's a god in all worlds, there's a god in this one4. There not being a god in all worlds implies that there's isn't a god in any world (all or nothing)5. There is either a god in all worlds or there isn't a god in all worlds6. from 4,5 there either is a god in all worlds or no god in any world7. if there's no god in this world then there's not a god in all worlds8. There's either a god in all worlds or there is no god in any world.9. Since god is a possibility we know the statement <there is no god in any world> is false.10. Since there's a god in all worlds there's a god in this one from 3Is this the right interpretation? If it is there is one flaw in it. #9 is flawed. Just because there's a possibility of a god doesn't mean that there is a god in some world, just that there's a possibility of him being in some world.	i'm impressed! this is a very precise description, in regular englishand yes, the deduction in 9 seems presumptious if all we state is God has a "possibility of existence". how this was cleverly cleared up (from the same source site) was simply a trip back to the definition: "greatest possible being". the "greatest possible being", by definition, MUST have a possible existence. in otherwords, we cannot assume that there is a possibility that the greatest possible being does not exist. yeah, it sounds like the whole "proof" is pointless because your premise is already the proofjust keep in mind that for the purposes of this proof, God is defined as "the greatest being possible". as long as that definition is maintained, the proof works...does that mean that God exists? hmmm....emoticonXFrazzled	notsarc
i served in the united states navy from june 2006 to august 2008 and yet you still crucify me and others just like me because your religion and bitterness toward others has consumed you....	according to what you mentioned previously, you violated the 'don't ask, don't tell' policy and came out of the closet, disrupting your unit. real classy, jazy. your gay sex sin took preference over honorable service. but then that's your idol, so i'm not surprised.	sarc
C'mon guys!Leave poor Archie alone. The guy is mentally incompetent. Why pick on him? let him alone with his beliefs which he needs as badly as a man with broken legs needs crutches to move along.Without his beliefs poor Archie can not face life and even less death.So, of course he gets enraged when someone tries to take his carapace from him. would you do that to a tortoise? Of course not.I stopped picking on him and now I have only pity for him. emoticonXAngel	Good point. emoticonXAgreeemoticonXAgree The poor guy would be like a midget that got his stepladder taken from him!	sarc
Except for the fact that guns were around long before Browning was ever born. Browning didn't invent the gun, he just made some of the finest models ever to exist.	No one said he invented guns!A straw man argument is an informal fallacy based on misrepresentation of an opponent's position.[1] To "attack a straw man" is to create the illusion of having refuted a proposition by substituting a superficially similar proposition (the "straw man"), and refuting it, without ever having actually refuted the original position.[1][2]	notsarc
They would say that you weren't a real Christian as well. That all it takes is to believe, or accept Christ into their lives in order to be "saved". And since they are the majority that would make you and your kind heretics. Anybody got a match and a stake? :)	Well, the antichrist is going to come and make any true believer a heretic any way so what am I worried about? I knew the risks before I accept the job. :-)	sarc
"If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall be surely punished, according as the woman's husband will lay upon him; and he shall pay as the judges determine. And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give life for life." - Ex 20:22-23this suggests that when an abortion occurs, the one responsible will be punished, but not by death unless the woman is killed. even the bibles says that the mother's life is more important than the fetus.	This applies only when men strive...that is fight. If a man "Accidently" hits a woman while in a fight and causes her to lose her child then all he has to do is pay a fine. But if he keeps fighting and hurt other people he gets killed. Even in the Bible you dont get punished so severly on accidents.	notsarc
So would you? I think I certainly would. I also asked a lot of people around here (my local) if they would, and they said yes. Thoughts or opinions?	What kind of quality? How about speed?Free but slow and crappy healthcare is not acceptable and I'd vote a solid no.	notsarc
well, i just did my top three, a top 10 would have had a bit more variety. i place rw extremos higher than lw ones because they are more likely to call for war, be racist and be homophobic. also, many black panthers are already covered in the racist heading. again, many people are jerks.	be homophobic... like the naacp? oh wait, they're left wing. call for war... like the democrats for vietnam? oh wait, they're left wing. be racist... like claim that minorities can't help themselves? oh wait, that's also left wing. sir... you've engaged in stereotyping... that makes you... hmm.	sarc
it changes almost hourly, but here is the current bunch, in no order: tae guk gi city of god pappilion amelie equilibirum hero clockwork orange apocalypse now redux eternal sunshine of the spotless mind no man's land	i'm surprised that 'the sixth sense' didn't make anyone's list. the twist at the end totally caught me off guard and blew me away. i also like forest gump, slingblade, platoon, top gun, the wizard of oz, shawshank redemption. there are more but it's monday.... :p	notsarc
We really are going around in circles on this........My bible through the RCC and Jesus Christ says all life is sacred including that life in the womb.........	Then why does god order the killing of the unborn in the womb in Hosea 13:16.What did they ever do to god?Does god fear these people so much he has to have unborn members of their community killed. Un born members who couldn't have possibly done anything to god!	sarc
You're a LIAR, Trebor.And you're one who defends that abomination. John 8:44	Yawn.. you are so obsessed with gay sex. I am not. Enough said.	sarc
"Baldwin says his research not only 'confirms that homosexuals molest children at a rate vastly higher than heterosexuals,' but it found that 'the mainstream homosexual culture' even 'commonly promotes sex with children.' "Report: Pedophilia more common among 'gays'Another fine example of "objective" reporting from the World Net Daily.	Great job straight out of the leftard playbook. Can't refute the message so go after the messenger. Would it matter if it was printed in the NY Slimes, I doubt it.	sarc
At the time, I was picturing something along the lines of a T-rex with chicken legs. But still, unles the beast above the legs had developed to be lighter, it would overwhelm the more spindly birdlike legs.	Theropods had hollow bones like birds. It was "developed to be lighter[sic]."	notsarc
Not really, especially when checking a posters numbers takes about two to seven seconds (depending on your connection speed), but the amount of time taken to actually post as often as you do is must more! emoticonXRolleyes	Since he's commented on it several times now, and seems to have me confused with someone else, maybe he's channeling a past life or something--who knows? Better yet, who cares? :p	sarc
Many contemporary authors prominent in bioethical circles distinguish sharply between being a human being and being a human person. These authors claim that for an entity to be regarded as a person, it must have developed at least incipiently exercisable cognitive capacities or abilities..... (Another view} distinguishes between a living human body and a living human person.	What Is a Human Person and Who Counts as a Human Person?: A Crucial Question for Bioethics by Prof. William E. MayThere is also an extremely academic school of thought which views the human person in terms of the ego in all its derivations. I cannot hope to summarize what this is all about, please refer to:Philosophical Critiques: The Human Person - 3 One could also consider the social development of an infant, inasmuch as humans are, in most cases, very social animals.According to primatologist Sarah Blaffer Hrdy, the human species is specifically developed to be part of a social system and a newborn infant comes ready made to push all the buttons of the system:	notsarc
I didn't attack either one of you at all. I just stated an ugly but very true fact concerning both your objectivity and your credibility. And regarding your sick hypothetical, it isn't a valid question at all as its based on lytes unproven third hand slander, so I see no reason to play a what if game with someone who only seeks to corrupt the truth rather than discover what it is. But nice try. emoticonXGood	Calling someone a "liar", "fool hardy", "[corrupter] of the truth", and unobjective is considered complimentary where you come from? Odd, but OK, I'll go with it you lying brainwashed fool (hey, this is fun! I like using Archie's compliments!).Actually, my "sick hypothetical" was a very valid question. I simply asked you if god commanded you to kill your neighbour for his sins, sins which you had no evidence of, would you do it. It seems like a fairly simple, straightforward question to me. Why not answer it?I see a pattern here Archie. If someone asks you a tough question about your faith, you cry "Corrupter! Blasphemer!" and run away. Is this your idea of "witnessing"? Is your faith that weak? Answer my simple little question, then I will answer the same one, or another of your choosing if you'd like. Tit for tat.	sarc
Yes, I believe that in most circumstances, the child should be carried to term, but there are exceptions to every rule, and I'm not quite ready to forsake the lives and health of women to protect unborn children. Yes, I think the unborn child is worthy of protection, but not any more so than the mother, in fact probably less.	You think "the unborn child is worthy of protection"..."but not more so than the mother, probably less"...yet you believe "in most circumstances the child should be carried to term?"	notsarc
You assume too much. As I've pointed out before, I don't hate gays, I just don't believe that we should redefine marriage for them. Period.	You call me or a family I may have, a perversion(sorry the word was "perversity"), but that is not hate? I believe I am probably younger than you, but that doesn't mean I was born yesterday.	sarc
By definition, a theory is an explanation of observed facts and laws. It is supported by experiments upon which it is based, and is confirmed by experiments designed to test predictions based on the explanation. Now where in that definition is the word fact either used or implied?	Because when something passes every experiment thrown at it and when something fits observation better than anything else, then it's as near as damnit fact. We can get pedantic over this if you want, but the conclusion that reaches is that there are no facts.	notsarc
while adolf did in fact gain followers that were 'christian', to say that he gained 'christian followers', is in the very least a misrepresentation. this is a lie and can only be substantiated by an athiest website, ie; 'nobelief.com' your insistance that christianity is the great 'evil' in the world, is relevant to the lie you stated above. interesting accusation foundit, you attempt to disparage archangel for his christianity, while you just count the scriptures irrelevant along with every other religious institution, and make up your own morality. frank caliente doing his john madden imitation 'here's a guy who knows so much about so little he can judge the ethics of somebody who actually has ethics, while having no ethics of his own! will brett favre come back, i don't know lets ask foundit66, he seems to know everything about nothing'	which post do you think most accurately demonstrates archie's ethics? is it the one(s) where he denigrates gays? the one(s) where he accuses those who disagree with him of being filthy, rotten liars, but is incapable of providing an example of their dishonesty? maybe it's the one(s) where he goes off on an insult laden rant that manages to break damn near every point of the tos? since i've just listed pretty much all of his posts, which one demonstrates archie's impeccable ethics the best? seeing as how you just accused a perfect stranger of having no ethics, simply because he disagreed with you, i'm not surprised you feel a kinship with archie.	sarc
This is not evolution. It is not a mutation. This is adaptaion.	Actually, it is a mutation. Just like the color of the fur is a mutation. Polar bear fur is not white, it is colorless. Moreover, it is hollow. That is another mutation. And Polar bears have longer legs than their closest relatives, the brown bears. They have smaller ears. None of the changes are caused by "friction".By the way, the webs between the toes of a Polar bear are very much like the webs between the toes of a duck.Adaptation is, by the way, evolution. I presume that is the word you meant to use. Adaptation is not adaption. You talk about the process as if it were adaption and then call it adaptation. In reality it is adaptation.	notsarc
Because it is a bulleted list.... Surely you have Microsoft Word on your computer. Open it up....go to Format and you will see "bullets and numbering" as it is a way to do a list.	Oh, i thought "bullet" was some sort of slang term. Never mind.	sarc
The issue was settled at the Federal level. It's called the Defense of Marriage Act. It is Federal Law.	Yes, and George Dubya Bush and the GOP know it's unconstitutional.Would it really bother you so much if the feds recognized a Massachusetts or California or New York or New Jersey same-sex marriage while other states like Alabama and Utah could ban same-sex marriage?I could live with that. Most gay people already leave those states anyway.	notsarc
prominent conservative j. harvie wilkinson of the 4th u.s. circuit court of appeals compared heller to roe v. wade and criticized it for its lack of adherence to conservative methodology: 'heller represents a triumph for conservative lawyers. but it also represents a failure - the court's failure to adhere to a conservative judicial methodology in reaching its decision. in fact, heller encourages americans to do what conservative jurists warned for years they should not do: bypass the ballot and seek to press their political agenda in the courts.' ssrn-of guns, abortions, and the unraveling rule of law by j. wilkinson  supreme court justice stevens also made a similar criticism. 'with emphasis on the word 'genuine,' stevens said that 'a genuine judicial conservative' would not have inserted the court into the 'political thicket' of the gun rights debate as scalia had done.'  the blt: the blog of legal times : supreme court: scalia and stevens duke it out so are pro-gun activists not so different than gay rights activists? both groups have used the courts to further their own agenda. it probably would have been better if scalia had said to himself when the case was brought before the court, 'there certainly is no consensus about the meaning of the second amendment and i, as an amateur historian, am certainly not going to force my own personal views on others. i will let the people decide through their elected representatives how much gun control is necessary in their own communities.'	I may be a pro-gunner but what doe's that have to do with with gay rights?   Since I'm a pro- gunner I won't force my life style or views on you,if you don't force yours on me.Deal?   After all you seem to be the expert on gay rights.	notsarc
you could go there but it won't change the fact i don't agree with your ideas of what is says. you believe it is saying one thing and i believe it says something else. we have an entire supreme court to do the same sort of interpretation game with our constitution. they sit and make decisions and interpreations based on what they think it says. the bible is the same game.	not to me, but let's not quibble about things we can't change. let's talk about something that we can change...for a change. we could argue about it forever and never change one thing that's written. how about making a proposal suited to fit those whose religious beliefs tend to make us feel inferior? or passing legislation that more medical staff be trained in 'special' fields of medicine for certain diseases so that constant referrals won't bounce us off the walls.	sarc
I don't think that there are any marriage rights for anyone gaurenteed by the constitution. I believe that if marriage is offered to heteros, and they seem to think it is their right to get married, then marriage must be extended equally to gay people. I believe that one group using their religion as a basis to form laws that violate another groups religious freedom, with govenment support, violates the constitution.	So, I guess you didn't get the memo that this country was FOUNDED on Christian/Judaic beliefs. Remember: You do have rights; to an extent.	notsarc
Firearms, ammo see explosive sales growth -- Recession, fear of new federal controls driving increase	Appears a lot of sensible folks are investing in their 401G and 401A plans ;)	sarc
He was arrested and spent several hours in a cell when plainly he had not broken any laws.	Plain with the benefit of hindsight. I love how you're able to determine, not having been there, precisely what was said and precisely where it fell in relation to the law. If it was so clear, we'll see the prosecution for wrongful arrest in due course, I'm sure.	sarc
Kent Hovind is a slimy, uneducated, hack. His only education past high school is a degree from an unaccredited bible school.	It's truly amazing that even someone like KH can disprove evolution so quickly.	notsarc
Legislative power over guns traditionally exercised by the people's representatives in state and local governments would largely and effectively be transferred to the courts.	Just because they're our representatives, doesn't give them permission to trample the Constitution and the protections provided to the citizens. Look at how many laws have been passed, only to be invalidated and ruled as unconstitutional.	notsarc
And, a circle could be called a circle in the English language, but I could make up a new language in which a circle would be called a square and a square a circle.	But your new language would be meaningless. The definition of a circle or a square does not vary from language to language. Mathematical definitions are not matters of opinion but quite precise descriptions so that all mathematicians will understand what is meant when the term is used. The words may change but the meaning doesn't. Math is not opinion. It is not my opinion that a triangle has three angles. That is a matter of definition.Apparently Habbit doesn't understand that substituting the words of another language does not change the concept. That sort of argument is basically ignorant XXXX.	notsarc
We have post-graduate and internation student halls, but most of the other post-grads are students anyway (or it might be because Scotland secretly considers me as a international student being from england)	oh ok, so I assume you don't live in your own house? I was trying to picture over 61 people fitting into one house. :)	sarc
you need to simply take a chill pill. remember, just because you're not paranoid doesn't mean they aren't actually out to get you. :p	you're a darling, j. coulda used you here earlier, though, to straighten this mess out. as far as 'stalking' goes, btw, my first appearance here was 11/08/94 (the same day i told those on the ny times board about this forum. ) the poster in question (infamous on the same board, though he pretends not to be) first appeared on 11/16/04. who's stalking whom?	notsarc
so let me understand this from you libs..........you can support the troops but hope their mission fails? emoticonxconfused and if course if their mission fails it means more deaths and caualties........hmmmmmmm emoticonxconfused	oh yes liberal: anyone who disagrees with vor regardless of their political standing. you would call frist a liberal if he disagreed with you, hell you would even goldwater a liberal if he disagreed with you.  i'm going to mentally replace farfignewgin whenever you say liberal, after all, they have the same meaning in your context.  you can support the troops by disagreeing with any mission that is unncessary in terms of security and any mission that puts troops in unncessary danger. explain to me how you can support the troops by supporting a mission that doesn't help america and gets 1600 of them needlessly killed.	sarc
But are the mutated fish really a different species or are they merely a race, like humans with different skin colors?	No, they're the same species. If you put all these fish in the same pool at the end they would all breed with each other. The example wasn't of speciation, merely of a change in a population driven by the environment, which is the essense of evolution.	notsarc
dear lisa, i want to tell you you're hot. hot as in every way possible. in fact, you should eat some peyote while you dance the tarantella. the way you smell like a goddess in heat makes me want to email you and ask you if you would consider this proposition: if you'll remove that top button i would have	dear lisa, i want to tell you you're hot. hot as in every way possible. in fact, you should eat some peyote while you dance the tarantella. the way you smell like a goddess in heat makes me want to email you and ask you if you would consider this proposition: if you'll remove that top button i would have enough nerve to	notsarc
So VT I take by your failure to reply to this question directed at you several times that you admit your claim of PP as engaging in acts of Genocide was wrong?	i take by your redundant posts that you havent read the previous 20..	sarc
audi alteram partem or in English "hear both sides of an argument"....	Well said. It is a disgrace that the "Flat Earth" side of the argument never gets a look in geography lessons and that the "Spontaneous Creation" side of the argument never gets a look in when teaching kids about the life cycle of insects. Do you realise that they refuse to present the "Cheese" side of the argument when teaching about the moon these days? It's outrageous, how can our kids get a balanced education if such bias is allowed to continue!	notsarc
god doesnt need things to exist, he creaed cause he wanted to.	you really have no idea what a argument is? i do find it amusing you will lose every argument you get into with your significent other.	sarc
I knew that there were other reasons that I didn't care for you. Thank you for elucidating them. And, Jitobear, this is exactly what I was saying when I spouted the abortion statistics in the US. The bulk of abortions in the US are for selfish reasons. emoticonXCensored	I know I know. Unless a woman is gestating or dieing she is being selfish.	sarc
Two Vikings on one board? Time to beat a hasty retreat before I'm pillaged emoticonXChicken	LOL! Aye, Lad, you're lucky that I'm not in my Berserker mood today!	sarc
A third or fourth eye is simply a copy of an existing body part.If it's a FIRST eye that evolved, then that'd count.You can't create anything new by creating copies.	Really. Some people would think I'm in cahoots with the creationists. I predict their behavior and then they go and do it.	sarc
i would love to see the evidence for that. alas, there is none. i think there one italian archelogist who claims he found some drawings that he believes that the 'mount sinia' mentioned is different than generally accepted, but i am skeptical of his claims. there are enough screwballs and religious nuts pretending to be archelogists in israel that it takes more than a concensus of 1 for me to consider something. this guy does seem to be more educated than the vendyl jones crowd in archeology, but still a bit on the fringe. maybe he'll get more attention, and provide a good set of evidence, because it is the people on the fringe that are needed to shift the paradiam.. (then they are visionary, rather than on the fringe).	i'm surprised no one has unearthed some stickman figures and announced that the drawings of jesus have been discovered, as recorded in john 8:7, where he's doodling on the ground while some poor young woman is about to get pelted with rocks. what a pilgrimage that would make...	sarc
The historical Gospels bust your sorry butt all day long. LOL!!	So you haven't got an answer to the question and prove that you are 'busted'.. That's OK...as long as we can all see that.	sarc
you have demonstrated my point. you seem capable of responding to issues in only two ways - either quoting the bible as 'proof' of something, or pasting in some tedious, non-reputable and peripherally related quote. i say your interactions are not honest because you persist in these diversions, instead of directly answering with ideas that came out of your mind. certainly a discussion of religion may involve the bible, but it doesn't always have to. you are incapable of understanding that a bible quote is not proof of anything other proving those words are in the bible. (and even that...) please consider coming to the real world of adult debate where the expectation is that you actually express you own ideas. parroting back some tired platitude is not intellectually honest debate.	what did i previously tell you, i.e. well hey, moose, you're in a topic which highly relates to the bible. if you want a secular response there's plenty of those guys around. if you want to chat with me i'll usually be coming from a biblical perspective. but i'll be glad to talk with you on a secular subject if you want. what are you looking for? p.s. please hold your 'honest attempts at discussion' rants, ok? i could easily claim the same with you since you are out of god's wisdom. but i won't. what did you want to know? again, what did you want to know?	sarc
Wrong again. The tooth was never formally described or published. While the discoverer may have thought it was a human tooth, it was a newspaper that reported the find as being some race of human. Actually it was after further finds were made that it was realized that the tooth wasn't human. Again, it was never claimed by science to be a race of man. No description and no publishing means that it was never presented foramlly to science.You creationaries are so cute. You have to keep pretending that this kind of thing is meaningful. It is meaningful only to reveal the integrity of creationaries and christianaries.	I suppose Piltdown Man was the product of newspapers, cute indeed!	sarc
I don't believe it is a part of God's plan. I don't have a denomination, I simply try to follow scripture as clearly as it denotes. Most of the denominations are nitpicking anyway and it takes away from the overall.	Yes but your one of those Christians people hear about, but never find. You don't really exist. :)	sarc
Any random change in a complex, specific, functioning system wrecks that system.	False. Beneficial mutations in bacteria have been observed in the lab. Far from wrecking the system, they allowed the system to continue to live while those without the mutations died: the mutations improved the system's ability to survive and perpetuate itself.	notsarc
The coelacanth, according to fossil records, and according to evolutionists, allegedly went extinct millions and millions of years ago.Until they were found alive.Coelacanth - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaAs if this should be any surprise. The theory of evolution mindset once again contradicts observable science.	There is just one thing however. The coelacanths found are different from those in the fossil record. Further, ALL evidence pointed to them being extinct, until we found other evidence, and we changed it. And, to top it off, the article says NEARLY extinct, not COMPLETELY. Although, this article was of course written after the coelocanths were re-discovered. Of course, this has absolutely nothing to do with the theory of evolution, which explains the mechanisms responsible for the change of allele frequencies in populations over time.	notsarc
Maybe. There's good scientists on both sides of the issue.But regarding Robertson, he's not basing his views on science at all. He's basing it on the fact he was hot the other day.	No, there really aren't. As for Robertson, why do you think I said he was right (as in global warming is happening and we are largely responsible) by sheer luck?	notsarc
you mean by enforcing the 2nd upon the states the people get the 4th amendment's protections back as well??? wonderful news!	'if carrying guns became legal, then police could no longer arrest people for carrying guns illegally!' emoticonxrolleyes really? i suppose you'd be happier if only the 'bad guys' were armed, because that would make them easier to identify.	sarc
I think you'll find that Byzantine (http://www.byzcath.org/), or Greek Catholic, are Catholic. Like the Maronite Church they practice Eastern Rites as Orthodox do, but they acknowledge the Pope as the head of the Church.* They even say the original "Nicene Creed" as we do.	Yes, the Byzantines are a Catholic Rite. The Catholic Church is divided into rites- there are seven I believe, the Roman, of course, being the largest. The Byzantine Catholics are an Eastern Catholic Rite, and as you said are almost identicle to the Orthodox Churches except that they acknowledge the Pope as the head of the Church.East to West, a website regarding all the churches of the Catholic Church, especially those of the east.Real quick, the Orthodox acknowledge the Pope as the successor of Peter, but not as the head of the Church. Am I correct?	notsarc
so your some lonely 60 year old guy who say stuff like 'omg' ? wow my life my life is already turning out better then yours..... and i'm only 15 :) and i'm glad i don't know what a blanket statement is ... so suck on that!	'wow my life my life is already turning out better then yours' what do you mean your life is turning out well? you live with your parents. you have no responsibilities, accomplishments, or qualifications for anything as you are 15. you are not even old enough to get a job, what are you talking about? ah i see you are related to jakej. i can't say i am surprised.	sarc
Should gun registration be mandatory ? http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/gun_registration.HTM	NO, gun registration should not be mandatory anywhere in the US. The government has no business knowing who has a gun. Gun registration could possibly allow the government to infringe on constitutional guarantees provided by the Bill Of Rights. Just knowing that there are many Senators and Congressmen who would like to abolish gun rights gives credence to the fact that government could actually try to limit or ban the 2nd Amendment in the future.   P.S. Crazy is as Crazy says. Scary to think that some would believe that a registered gun that becomes a stolen gun would help in finding the thief or killer if that same criminal gets rid of the gun. Which, if later found, would then be traced back to the legitimate owner, who may not even know the gun had been stolen. The alibi better be outstanding!	sarc
It has a chance. Any scientist has the opportunity to study ID. We are discussing the science classroom. We already teach it as a hypothesis in most schools. But it simply should not be taught as a valid alternative to evolution. That's what this debate is over.	Today's students are tomorrow's scientists. They are unlikely to study something that, if they hear about it at all, they hear about it on a less serious level than they do the happenstance origins of atheist evolution. To reduce ID to other classes like literature or social sciences, etc. (where poetry, fiction, and prehistoric beliefs are the subject matter) is nothing more than a clever, dishonest attempt to belittle it.	notsarc
Why bother when you know logic, rational thinking and womens rights always take second seat to antiquated belief system dogma?	logic would lead one to believe abortion is wrong...but why be consistent in your thinking.The point is, logic and rational thinking is not a requirement to make a law. You can ban abortion is you want...the states did it and the constitution allows it, even if 5 legislatures think otherwise.	notsarc
Like I said in #2, most of the earth's oxygen comes from the plants in the ocean and we still have al the other forest.	what other forest? By your logic there would only be one left in the entire world, and it would be what, the size on central park?	sarc
walking around naked endangers my right to innocent thought. watching little girls in the bathroom endangers their right to privacy. gay marriage does not affect anyone other than those getting married. if you could effectively prove that two homosexuals marrying each other would harm me physically or mentally, (and thus taking away my rights as a citizen), i would say you have a point. also, along the lines of what mach said, no one has the right to walk around naked. the law applies equally. same with looking at little girls naked. no one has that right. however, everyone except homosexuals have the right to marry whomever (not whatever) they please. only homosexuals are told they cannot marry other homosexuals.	your argument is contradicting how can seeing people naked ifnringe on your personal thought and the other not? also the right isn't to marry whomever neterosexuals want. the limits apply to everyoen equally just people have different preferences.	notsarc
i think he basically intimated that only believers have anything of worth to contribute to american society, and that the separation between church and state was a bad idea. about as contrary to kennedy's stance as you could get.	what specifically did he say to lead you to those conclusions? i don't know what speech you heard, but i have heard romney's religion speech as well as read it, and i see nothing there that declares war on secularism, or intimated that it's only believers who offer anything of worth, or that separation of church and state is bad. (in fact he defended separation of church and state.) the text of the speech is here (among plenty of other places accessible via google search) for people to draw their own conclusions.	notsarc
1) can you prove what you claimed earlier? you claimed that what i was saying was 'wrong', and then you proceeded to say that proving it was 'too much'... shouldn't you have to prove that claim as much as what i have said? 2) unlike you, i have been very upfront about the situation. at the start, i asked if anybody knew of a state that had removed interracial marriage laws without court involvement. since then, you have done your worst to obfuscate the issue. 3) what claim are you asking for proof on? please tell me that you are not asking for proof on the item in #2, cause we have both mutually stated something about the difficulty of proving it. if it's #2, then your request would be mundane and mindless. emoticonxfrazzled	so you have no idea if any states removed interracial marriage laws without court involvement?  and i'll just answer your question then which was (as you restated) [does] anybody kn[o]w of a state that had removed interracial marriage laws without court involvement. that answer is, yes, i know of a state that hard removed interracial marriage laws without court involvement.  glad i could help.	notsarc
(Oh, and I see you're still equating "atheist" with "anyone who doesn't believe as I do")	And I see you still flip back and fourth from being an atheist to not being an atheist.	notsarc
Fire and tool use means that having a big brain becomes less of a disadvantage and more of an advantage now that you can feed it yea but you have to have the brains to build a fire before it becomes an advantage. sigh.	But a slightly larger brain than average is still feasible and offers enough of a benefit in a large social group that its worth the price - however something the size of a modern humans brain is far too demanding. That slightly larger brain can be supported by an organism or society that hasn't developed fire, but is also able to discover the uses of it, from then on nutrician isn't the big limiting factor that restricts how big a brain can get from then on.	notsarc
You do have a good point. However, it does not change my mind. We do our best to make cars as safe as we can, but so many people need to travel fast just to work and survive. More importantly, when one gets into a car, they know that they run the risk of crashing.  I do my best to make my house as safe as I can. Firearm possession is one of the means to attain that safety. When the criminal breaks into a home that criminal knows that he runs a risk of earning a chalk outline. Remove the firearms and remove the risk to the criminal. Consequently, ye increase the risk to the homeowner.	But is the gun that you keep in your home a greater risk to yourself or to a potential intruder? It's pretty easy to find information on the FBI and the CDC websites that shows that more people die in gun accidents than criminals die in legally justifiable self defense shootings. People defending guns often only look at the gross benefit of gun ownership, not the net benefit when it comes to safety. That would make about as much sense as only looking at your gross income while ignoring the fact that your net income is negative.	notsarc
maybe you should subtitle this thread: the right to a school with perfect parents. but that's not public education. you sound as extreme as the people who don't want gay parents in their schools. well, go ahead, dear. have fun tearing each other apart.	my dear, i can see the wood for the trees. no-one expects perfect parents, but no parent should dictate school policy. and this guy was a bad example.	notsarc
3) There's no evidence for the Big BangSadly, yes, I have actually seen this one fairly often. I have no idea where people get the idea that scientists make things up without having good evidence behind it (oh wait… we're out to disprove God because all scientists hate God or some XXXX like that).	Now everyone will know Marc was right all along--that there is an atheist science conspiracy.	notsarc
Why? Because being the victim of a violent crime happens enough times for it to be a genuine concern. I'd like to see your statistics to show that violent crime rarely occurs, because the statistics I've seen show that it happens quite regularly.	I did not say that violent crime "rarely" occurs, merely that the risk of being a victim of such is lower relative to other risks. I am genuinely curious if you care as much about protecting your heart as you care about protecting yourself from criminals.	notsarc
Thats why the Republicans have brainwashed you in to think that way. It is a coverup after coverup by both partys.	I don't think it's a cover-up. I think that it's a conspiracy between the black helicopters and the aliens beaming suggestions to those without the foil-lined hats on. :)	sarc
He also forgets that an estimated 20 million native americans were killed by smalpox introduced by europeans, or "Joe Christian" as JP puts it	But AA's not responsible for that, because he is an A-rab.	sarc
The thing is, though, that if marriage is privatized people can have freedom without "redefining the standard." It is a way for us to allow all those oddball marriages without putting an "official stamp of approval" on them. Liberals want to expand the government involvement in marriage to include gay marriages, thus putting society's approval on these things (something that gets moralists very angry.)Conservatives want to continue the statist rewards for straight marriage only - a violation of the 14th amendment.Libertarians combine the best of both positions. Their position (privatization) creates the freedom to marry, upholds the Constitution, and avoids official approval of gay marriage at the same time.	I think your idea has merit. However, before I would fully endorse it, I am interested in how you see it being implemented and administered from the standpoint of equal protection under the law.	notsarc
Apparently, we're headed into an ice age of about 100,000 years -- give or take. As for CO2 levels, core samples show conclusively they follow the earth's temperature rise, not lead it.	Because in the case of glacial/interglacial variation, CO2 functions as a feedback from orbital forcing. Again, this is all very simple, basic stuff outlined in chapter 6 of the AR4.	notsarc
good luck. did you read the news report about bush's former friend who taped him regretting his former days of indulgence? what's the difference between age restriction of consuming demon rum and sending 18-year-olds to die spreading democracy? christian morality.	since when has religion been pragmatic or based upon systems that works?  Obvious answer: never.	sarc
Here in Australia, as in most of the world, we have the right to bare arms even in public. But we have no right to bare our a-s-s-e-s in public, unless in a nudist beach of which there are quite a few. emoticonXClown	But yet you have the right to make an an a-s-s out of yourself? As far as the nude beaches go, it would be worth the plane fare if I knew you were going to be at one so I could laugh my a-s-s off.   FROTFLMAO	sarc
Leviticus 18:22 "Do not lie with a man as one lies with a woman; that is detestable."	So? In your religion's view, everyone sins. Their sin is no greater or more unforgiveable than yours.	notsarc
if a police officer can't tell that something like this is obviously a toy, then they have no business being police to begin with. first, how is this even relevant to the discussion? second, why should we believe that it's correct? please tell me you aren't counting gang bangers and violent youth as children. in the state of maryland, and dc according to the study. hardly a reliable source for such a survey. again, what's the relevancy to this?	most parents today don't buy their kids toy guns and certainly not realistic replicas. why don't you just stop defending unscrupulous merchants that sell dangerous toys in violation of federal law? cops are human, they make mistakes. easy for you, the armchair patriot, to criticize.	notsarc
i agree to the fllest extent. 'white' is only a color metaphor. in reality, the people in europe are comprised from 12 different 'races.' i can name my own; germanic, and celt, slavic, and dinaric(italian-greek) are others as well. each race has its sub-races. germanics and celts are expected to go exitnct in less than two centuries anyhow. i'm helping to speed up the process by not having kids!	hello there, my dear fellow, you're using a 19th century definition for a 21st century subject. it doesn't work. what you're writing is pure drivel. there is the caucasian group which you initially mention, then you misuse the terminology, actually meaning the sub-ethnicities of the caucasians. no doubt you're one of those sadly misinformed individuals who believes that 'muslim' is a race. the state of education is surely at an all time low-and getting lower no doubt. cheers from the rockies emoticonxkill emoticonxhoho emoticonxcry emoticonxkill	notsarc
Where better to find more info on the evolutionary migration of humanity than from friendly atheist.com. emoticonXGood Keep that pure science with no agenda coming you guys. emoticonXDonno	Well, ya know, if you actually, oh I don't know, VISITED THE SITE, you'd see that the "friendlyatheist.com" is a blog-like page (and not the one that is actually giving the info on the evolutionary migration of humanity) and it gave a link to the actual website that we are talking about (the second link I gave): http://www.bradshawfoundation.com/journey/But then, maybe we're expecting a little too much from a creationist. emoticonXBanghead emoticonXBanghead	notsarc
In fact, as a return question, I'd like to ask him: does someone rely on the Odyssey to establish the existence of Pallas Athene, Circe or Calypso ?	I've always gone the Scylla and Charybdis route before instead.	notsarc
just privatise the road system and let the owners set the rules for drunkeness, it's the only fair way to do it.	i think that would probably create more problems than it would solve. how would we know? we don't punish. drunk drivers get off incredibly easy so much of the time. we have the weakest anti-drunk driving laws in the western world and we have the worst problem with drunk driving. coincidence? that's not all that far from what i've said. @joe- this is for a whole other discussion, but i think that the first step in aa is a big part of the reason of its low success rate. that's not too far from what i've said either.	notsarc
Hey everyone im new to the whole creation vs evolution thing. I don't really know where i stand but i have a question.	Being new isn't a problem. Nor is uncertainty about a position. The way to learn is to ask questions in appropriate places. However, a problem with message boards is that, without experience, it may be difficult to tell who is speaking from knowledge and who is speaking from ignorance or faith.	notsarc
paralyzed by indecision? are you on crack? real american? that is a joke coming from you. my wife wears a spent shell around her neck on a chain that i took for this country.  does army count? i have, they agreed with me. like most armchair generals, i doubt you have any more grasp of international politics or military matter than you do regarding mythical baskets of currency.  yes, unilateral agression. iraq did not attack us, nor were they a threat. we attacked a soveirgn nation without cause. that is pretty much the definition of unilateral agression.	about as much 'soverienty' legitimation as hitler had when he was butchering the jews. no cause? you forget about trying to murder bush #41. no cause? you forget about him funding palestinian terrorists at $25k a pop. no cause? you forget about invading kuwait. no cause? he kicked out the u.n. inspectors. no cause? he fired at our airplanes who patrolled the no-fly zones. no cause? the mass graves and stalinist government? and these are just the things we know for certain.	notsarc
See, here you've seperated mind, spirit, soul. The bible didn't do this, unless Zechariah is being misinterpreted. It basically said, in your interpretation, that the spirit and the soul are the same thing.	Yes, it is very hard, even for theologians, to explain.	notsarc
provide a link to the studies you are talking about, or a link to the section of this forum where we have 'been through' them as you wish... opinions that homosexuality is not innate/biological from the gay community: http://web.archive.org/web/200403011...es/biology.htm http://eserver.org/bs/14/sartelle.html http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/articl...13/mn87077.dtl http://www.gene-watch.org/educationa..._sexuality.pdf http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontl.../defining.html http://eserver.org/gender/exploding-the-gene-myth.html http://www.geneletter.com/archives/homosexuality.html http://www.wits.ac.za/bioethics/orient.htm http://www.gayhistory.com/rev2/words/medicalization.htm http://www.symposion.com/ijt/gilbert/sterling.htm http://www.anglicanmediasydney.asn.a...9/culture.html http://www.freerepublic.com/forum/a371fcd675dbd.htm http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/sci...000/325979.stm http://www.gender-news.com/other.php?id=54 http://www.newdirection.ca/a_biol.htm http://www.trashkitten.com/id228.htm http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontl...ault/genetics/ http://www.homosexuellt.com/infosida...le.asp?idnr=94 from medical/scientific institutions http://www.worldnetdaily.com/news/ar...ticle_id=28505 http://www.trueorigin.org/gaygene01.asp http://www2.rz.hu-berlin.de/sexology...hiv/sexor4.htm http://www.washingtonpost.com/ac2/wp...3722-2001feb18 http://www.fsw.ucalgary.ca/ramsay/ho...ion-binary.htm http://web.archive.org/web/200212210...999/grapha.htm http://web.archive.org/web/200206081..._19990423.html http://www.cultureandfamily.org/arti...oryid=cfreport http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1339878/posts http://www.s8int.com/notgenetic.html http://www.tennessean.com/sii/health...24/gay24.shtml other opinions http://www.fathersforlife.org/kinsey1.htm http://www.standfirminfaith.com/mt/archives/000575.html http://www.warroom.com/fadinggene.htm http://family.org/fofmag/pp/a0024032.cfm http://theroadtoemmaus.org/rdlb/22sx...sx/genesno.htm http://www.apologeticspress.org/modu...=1&itemid=2553 enjoy. if these are not enough let me know	more from unkerpaulie's list: 'world net daily' is a 'medical/scientific institution'????????????????????? from the website: unbiased??????????????????? really, unkerpaulie, i am surprised you didn't list fred phelps website in your 'medical/scientific institutions' list.	sarc
The quote you mentioned in no way justifies allowing people to refuse to treat homosexuals while forcing them to treat all of those other protected groups. I do not think that point was addressed there.	No, the law didn't specifically mention gays, or dwarfs, or one-eyed pirates, or 6 toed individuals. emoticonXRolleyes	sarc
Half the 120 mosques in Fallujah were destroyed by US air strikes and tank main battery fire.	Interesting. It seems that you like to get your news from Aljazeera.	sarc
und the country using those talking points without any actual knowledge of what he's even talking about, and when confronted with the reality that he knows less than a rock about any given subject... well that's just stupid.	This is the most asinine argument yet. The man was making six figures as a radio talk show host. Why would he leave that job to hit the road for 18 hour days away from family merely in the hopes of hawking a few extra books? He had an ESTABLISHED platform to sell boks viz a viz his radio show, his frequent substitutions on other programs, and his status as a darling of the Tea Party. The man could line up paid speaking engagements to hawk his book. Why would he trade that for unpaid speaking engagements to hawk his book?	notsarc
i 'personally' feel that sex ed encourages having sex, and not abstinence. they should be taught just the basics, and children if they are interested can talk about it with their parents or older friends. abstinence is not being encouraged, rather shunned. maybe i'm just old fashioned, and 16 at the same time	i love how what you 'personally' feel is in direct conflict with acedemic studies. science says force = mass times acceleration, but i personally feel that force = velocity times volume, so that must be the right answer.	sarc
It truly is sad when an opponent is friendlier than an ally, Mega. At least Ian responded in a friendly way, and me and him don't even agree on this issue.	You could've just as easily revived the last thread, commenting on how the antis are unusually silent.	notsarc
The National Safety Council's new report shows that accidental firearm-related fatalities remain at record lows, and accidents involving youths continue to decline significantly. Downward trends, also being reported by other sources, such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), are occurring even as firearm ownership rises in the U.S.CDC reports a significant decline in accidental firearms-related fatalities in the U.S. between 1994 and 2005.	So what do ya Say! Come On. Be reasonable! Do it for the children! Or don't we care about these children because they weren't hurt or killed by a firearm?	sarc
yes, it's not natural, you can't just be born with it, it adds up over time... the bi polar ness... :d	you calling me a diseased freak ?  oh , darling . thats okay . we will forever and ever be married . but now you have to buy me a new pillow	notsarc
PERIOD. God is good, and humans have theorized various stupid concepts trying to discredit their inner convictions to be rampant perverts many a time....NOPE.	Like the crazy idea the Earth goes around the Sun.	sarc
shes pro- gun whats your point? i saw it on fox news. i don't have any' bro's.' that are lunatics, how bout any you other guys?  no i heard it on the news. what would we need with one when there's nothing wrong with our souls? though yours and some of your buds. here may need one.emoticonxbanghead	she was never 'pro-gun' to you people. she was an anti. omg they reported on something. not exactly ready to help her reputation out before she was shot, though, were they? you have lots of bros that are lunatics. and one of them just shot and murdered 6 people, including a federal judge who was sitting on an immigration case and a congresswoman who opposed to arizona's immigration law. arizona: your land of cowgirl jan and cowboy sheriff joe.  i never heard of anyone who truly understood what a soul was, who thought they didn't need a mirror. i'm not surprised you think yourself at the level of god himself, able to judge who has a soul and who doesn't. it's the same psychology your bro with a gun just demonstrated.	sarc
Like evolution, right? You have your conclusion, so everything else must adhere to it.	Incorrect.   Evolution is not something that must be adhered to. It is a scientific theory. As such, if evidence was brought to light that evolutionary theory couldn't account for, then the theory would be altered or scrapped. It's really quite simple.	notsarc
now orion, there you go trying to bash someone else's religion when you still have not been able to document who your god is, where it lives, and be able to substantiate your beliefs with anything other than a feel-good whim. you have created your own god - a liberal's god who approves of gay sex, shacking up, fornication, worshiping satan and baal (i.e. your 'all paths lead to heaven here, frank), etc., etc.  you've got no credibility around here until you come out of the closet with your 'god'. then you can run with the big dogs.	i simply quoted to you your own scripture, ez. how is that construed as bashing? de 21:20-21 and they shall say unto the elders of his city, this our son is stubborn and rebellious, he will not obey our voice; he is a glutton, and a drunkard. and all the men of his city shall stone him with stones, that he die:  mr 16:17-18 and these signs shall follow them that believe; in my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues; they shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.	notsarc
You did not ask for a quote which says "we should ban guns" and you posed the question TO "anti-gunners" you did not ask for anti-gun comments.	So if you quoted Ted Kennedy when he said to his wife in an event that wasn't even publicized "Good morning, sweetie", that would be an answer?	sarc
When has anyone but a rightist extremist or a dittohead claimed messiahhood for Obama? emoticonXRolleyes	Well, if you claim you can give 95% of Americans a tax cut then you'd have to be on par with Jesus.	sarc
Sheer nonsense. What couints is the functioning of the system as a whole. Reducing it to subsytems, and those subsystems to material and mechanical components, is a task subordinate to the principal, primary objective, i.e., an understanding of the whole,	** This is the best response you've got!?! What a loser!!	sarc
Promoting renewables is a good thing, but increasing the supply of oil in counter productive in helping renewables to reach the critical mass needed to survive economically.	If we could rub a brass lamp, make three wishes and fix our energy problems immediately, I'd agree with you. But since we live in the REAL WORLD, we must become OIL INDEPENDENT while we are perfecting and building an infrastructure of renewable energy sources.	sarc
Mexico City's homicide rate today is about on par with Los Angeles and is less than a third of that for Washington, D.C.Mexico City's rate was about 9 per 100,000 in 2008, while Washington, D.C. was more than 30 that year.	But I thought it was the easy gun laws in the U.S. that made Mexico's cities a shooting gallery? Same as L.A. and less than D.C.?   Amid Drug War, Mexico Less Deadly Than Decade Ago	sarc
and ny and nj are any better? and 'cheating on his wife mark sanford' has to do what with electing big blabbermouths with nothing to say and absolutely nothing in the brainbox? sorry baby you're caught.	You mean the guy who didn't tell his own cabinat he was going to Argentina to go get a little.. and left a power gap because no one knew where he was? You mean that guy?  That is a heck of a lot worse that actually having an affair. Eliot Spitzer at least had the decency to resign when he got caught being a hypocrite.   I personally don't care about his diddling with some woman.. although it does make him a hypocrite since he ran on the 'family values' campaign. It's that little thing about leaving his duties behind without communication that is the real destruction the public trust.	sarc
An alternative (shorter!) wording of the statement, taking into account the greater context of the Constitution, would be "A (human) zygote is a person". As hinted by the title, the general context of this thread is how the statement relates to the rights of a zygote; we may end up branching out into that area, but the statement is the starting point.	Please note that I added the word "human" to your comment above IANGB. After all it is not my claim that all zygotes are human beings / "persons." Agree? Also, I want to make it clear that I am arguing only for the most basic of human rights (life) and not for the full panopoly of rights that say an adult human individual would have.	notsarc
A human life is only a person once there is someone existing there. Before a fetus has a mental existence, it is just a growing human body - a thing, not a person. A thing cannot suffer, cannot feel pain, fear or even feel anything for that matter. How can you have empathy for a thing? Once a fetus develops a mental existence, then it is a person worthy of protection, as are all people.	In that case a man in a coma is not a person then, is he?	sarc
ha...what is the point of posting data if you are just going to conclude there isn't enough data? the data speaks for itself. in america, guns save more lives than are taken by them. fact.  also, did you know as a handgun carry permit holder, i am statistically 300 times less likely to commit a violent crime than you are? fact.	because it shows that your data is not absolute, and that there is supporting evidence for both sides? it also stops you justifiably saying things like... the data speaks for itself. in america, guns save more lives than are taken by them. fact. did you know that in the uk, i am statistically at least twice less likely to be killed than you? fact. it works both ways...	notsarc
Families that embrace ID/Creationism are increasingly deciding that their children have no place in the "classroom". Something like 58% of homeschoolers are doing it specifically to spare their children science(evolution) education owing to their religious convictions. We're already well behind most other industrialized countries with respect to science and math graduates. This scares me a bit.emoticonXFrazzled	Hey, someone has to clean our toilets. This may sound brutal, but one of the biggest reasons why Indians, Asians, etc all are heavy on education is because their lives sucked. They didn't get a education and they were living in poverty. Thus, they seem education, mainly the sciences and the maths as a way to escape poverty. Japanese and Chinese parents are massively strict on their kids because they want their kids of excel as the parents either were poor or grew up poor and know what that's like. This may be necessary for these religious homeschooled folks to find out. Spending a life time in poverty or working 3 jobs to make ends meet will change someone's view point on education.	sarc
Now, to get on topic, I believe a students rights are breached, without question when random or school wide drug testing is performed.	Sorry to inform you, but until you are 18 years old in this country, you are not granted full protection of your rights under the constitution of the united states. I don't agree with testing either, but saying that it violates your rights is not a valid argument.	notsarc
If you were trying to use that to counter my point, it failed. Anecdotal evidence doesn't affect statistical probability - that there was a single event says nothing about which is generally better.	And yet the post-Dunblane handgun ban happened after only one event.	sarc
I'd sooner trust Mr. Injustice Scalia to be impartial. emoticonXRolleyes But as I say, you guys want to mudwrestle and judge mudwrestling, go right ahead.	And like I said, your opinion is worth exactly NOTHING. emoticonXRolleyes	sarc
those kind of websites are like porn to gun nutsbut getting big gun wont compensate for being born with a small one	Just as being anti-gun won't compensate for being born with a small brain.	sarc
With the electoral college system a vote in ________ is worth more or less than a vote in ___________. That is not democracy. In democracy the majority rule and thats how it should be.	Think about this? Do you support abolishing the Senate? In the Senate, a vote from Rhode Island is worth more than a vote from California.Also, the US is not a democracy. It is a republic. You are guaranteed an equal say in the House of Representatives.	notsarc
pectable congressman with derogatory and homophobic insults. EasyRider, you truly are a man of God.	Let's see now....you're Christophobic, Biblephobic, Fundie-phobic, steeped in carnal hedonism, you use derogatory rhetoric against God's people, and what else?Hypocrite!!And Barney Franks a respectable congressman? ROTFLOL!!!!You're clueless, Shooter. I shutter to think where you'll wind up. But we'll have to see what develops. It'll probably be negative, since you've lost your focus.	sarc
bryan makes a good point though. bloomberg is basically trying to suggest that if we got tough on gun laws here in virginia that the crime rate in new york city would go down. this is pretty doubtful. you never really see someone go 'man, i'd xxxx your head off but guns are too expensive'. instead, people are just smart enough to get guns where it is easiest. should those 10 states suddenly become the hardest states to get guns in than you'd see 10 other states be on that list with the exact same crime rates. the reason we can tell this is that virginia and those other named states do not have higher crime rates than the cities with strict gun laws.	i don't think much can be inferred about the relationship between guns and crime by comparing the crime rate of a densely populated city with the crime rate of a whole state. virginia has a higher homicide rate that most canadian provinces which is probably a better comparison-  homicide offences, number and rate, by province and territory is it possible to make it much harder for criminals to obtain guns? yes, i think so. if your boat is sinking then you have to plug all the leaks not just some of them. if you keep plugging the leaks then eventually you'll reach a state in which significantly fewer criminals are obtaining guns. why do i say this? because significantly fewer criminals are obtaining guns in developed countries with stricter and more consistent gun laws. in the us, there is too much inconsistency in gun laws.	notsarc
You keep bringing up the Red Cross. The majority of donators to the Red Cross are most likely Christians as well, so what's your point? emoticonXConfused	But is the Red Cross Christian? Obviously most contributors are Christian. That's obvious as most Americans are Christian.	notsarc
Through the media's support of the presuppositions taught in high schools and under graduate institutions people all to often espouse their expertise in their knowledge of the certainty of evolutionary “theory” which is most always overwhelmingly lacking and incorrect.	And you, on the other hand, because you are not educated in science in general, and evolutionary theory (why the quotation marks?) specifically, are qualified to correct those of us who spent years in study of the topic.	sarc
Worship not money, and I will bless you.	Worship me and I'll bless you too. With money of course. He can't even give you money. I am the true god and I created the mindset that he was a god in him. Worship me and spread the word about the true religion. Everyone who joins my church will instantly get $1,000 and after a week of membership you will get $1 million. The end of the week is when my project is and then you can go into the real world. All those who didn't believe in me will be destroyed when my world I created gets to the dump.	sarc
According to the following info, Brokeback is # 5 (not # 1) and is a whopping $19 million out of 1st place. http://boxofficemojo.com/ It's not the major blockbuster the media and others want you to believe.	WOO HOO.So the main stream entertainment industry who brought us such great talent as Brittney Spears does not consider this film the cats meow? WEE HA - all the more reason to see it.	sarc
rape is rape and gang rape is gang rape and i don't need to read any stinkin' bills of attainder to determine that. but then, women are nothing but disease in your eyes.	hold on there. have you read the amendment? if all of our legistlators passed laws based on single incidents, our nanny government would be exponentially more intrusive than it already is.  now i don't know this woman's story any more than you do. all you know is that at least one defense contractor has a clause in it's employee contract banning an employee from shoooting for the brass ring in a jury trial. it doesn't state that the rapists can't be prosecuted.	notsarc
Well, as we can see from other recent posts, your reading comprehension is below high school level.I don't get it. Why do folks think lying enhances their POV?	Because their reasoning is obviously on the same level as their reading comprehension level.	sarc
I don't know, yours is overwhelming, who gave it to you?	The comic relief doesn't even recognize it has passed in on, or attempted to!	notsarc
Oh man. You keep ignoring the HISTORICAL CONTEXT of the issue. Back in 1967, "societal views of marriage" meant SAME RACE MARRIAGE ONLY, by an overwhelming majority that supercedes that seen today against gay marriage. By a margin of 3 to 1, people DISAPPROVED of interracial marriage. Society "viewed" marriage as "between a man and a woman of the same race".	Back in 1967, societal view of marriage was opposite-sex. Wait ... it's STILL that way. (Seen the ballot initiatives around the country?!) The point is that letting blacks marry whites didn't fundamentally redefine marriage, because it was still between a man and a woman.	sarc
France did not agree with the invasion and occupation of Iraq. However, they did support with great bravery the American action in Afghanistan:	That's because the Taliban in Afghanistan didn't have any oil with which to bribe them.	sarc
Thought I'd start a new thread dedicated to this myth..	how many animals do you think were on the Ark? how many species existed at the time?      the story of the ark does not coincide with contemporary science, but it does work with the rest of Genesis. this is Genesis 2: 15-23	notsarc
who wouldn't choose to go to heaven if such a place actually existed? there is no lock on the pearly-gates. that is what it means to be all-loving and all-forgiving as well. i know, you're going to say that people are refusing to go when they don't accept god, jesus into their lives. that is irelevant. you are placing that condition on it again and thus cheapening it.	good questions. its not a condition, i don't agree.  jesus doesn't open the lock to the pearly-gates for some people, he is the gate. do you see what i mean? that's what he said, 'i am the way... no one comes to the father except through me'. i think its like saying you shouldn't put conditions on the way into a house, you should be able to walk in from any spot - and saying that having to go through the door is a condition. why would people not choose heaven? its a hard road.	notsarc
In a healthy economy, he would be right. This is not a healthy economy. We are using massive government spending and cosumer debt to keep this leaky boat afloat.Under those conditions, where you are based almost entirely on non tangible factors, the damage will help pump the numbers and keep the sheeple headed towards the cliff at a brisk pace.	Sheeple never understand where money comes from nor do they know cliffs even exist. Full bellies, breeding, mindless entertainment and a government sheppard are their sole requirements.	sarc
Yes - and????? The post I responded to completely down-plays the impact on a woman's body. I am merely pointing that out.	well i was downplaying your argument because really, pregnancy is not that demeaning to a womans body. ITS NATURAL! OBESITY ISNT!	notsarc
Simone:Sorry, but that's not in the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment. Try again.	Do you believe that the freedom to not participate in any religion whatsoever is not covered by the expression "Freedom of Religion"?	notsarc
Did anyone else expect anything less? These evil fundie christianists can have affairs, 2, 3, 4, or even 5 marriages yet gay people are a threat to marriage by wanting to get married.	You hear that cry...allowing gays to marry will cause the downfall of civilization...but you never hear "how" or "why"? More Chicken Little ####.	notsarc
this is the root of the problem with the entire insurance based medical system. it is affordable and obtainable for those who do not actually need it, but impossible to get or unaffordable if you can. this is the heart of the debate. a lot of people find it morally unacceptable to let somebody with a treatable condition die in the richest country in the world for lack of care. at the same time in order for insurers to stay profitable, they need to not pay for treatment for people with expensive conditions.	and how does this differ from life insurance or car insurance? or for credit cards, for that matter? the cost of a policy, or card, is proportional to the risk assumed by the insurer. don't want to pay high premiums, take the risk on yourself. period. i find it morally unacceptable to steal money from people in order to satiate another's morality. we have no god-given right to live forever as far as i know.	notsarc
We're legally dead when we no longer mentally exist (hence the term "brain-dead"), so there is no logical reason to set the beginning point as anything other than the start of the mental existence. Just as people who are dead and without mental existence do not have the ability to obtain rights, a collection of human cells without a mental existence cannot obtain rights.	This assumes brain-dead is a logical choice to consider one dead. Even so, it proves nothing about when life begins. What says they have to be the same? This is a classic example of a conclusion not following from the premise.	notsarc
Furthmore - whether an individual deserves rights should NEVER be a voting matter. What an utterly disgusting concept.	Any form of legislation is a voting matter. That's the way our system works.	notsarc
So you can tell me the athletes that were brought into the school to specificially play sports are going to abide by all the rules as well as the students that attend the school at their free will also, are going to spend 15 hours a week studying? I don't think so. Its more of a lesure activity than a serious requirement.	do you go to study hall? probably not. It is a requirement where the athletes sign in and sit in the library with their teams and are monitored to make sure that their studying is getting done.	sarc
Wow, isn't the point of a bar to drink? People can be picked up, driven by someone not drinking, or use other transportation (if they live close, walk, maybe public transportation). It is horribly wrong when we start arresting people because they "might" commit a crime.	With a standing president breaking the law to 'protect' you, this should be expected.	sarc
I'm not advocating passing handguns out at the front door of school. Surely, in high schools and colleges there could be found several Batman types who would be proud to protect the general public from mentally deranged gunmen by carrying one himself...just in case.If it would save a bunch of lives by having a quick way to snuff out random shooters, I'd be all for an extra tax to cover it...and I hate taxes.	Oh, I agree....private security companies are the answer. Very republican of you.	sarc
because the earth is older than 10,000 years as many creationists think and the 7 day creation doesn't make sense.	But doesn't Genesis imply that creation occured in one 7-day period (though the days could be symbollic)?	notsarc
The words I have generously provided you above are in fact from my own book of fairytales and require no validation because it's just common sense.emoticonXKill emoticonXAngel	Really? What book is that, because I have seen no quotes or links to any source of any info at all from you anywhere above on this page. So once again accipiter, what in the world are you referring to? You and the obvious child oughta get along fine since you both offer nothing more substantial than personal attacks which are based on your own warped beliefs and corrupted interpretations of that which you disagree with.   Here's my original post again, I challenge you to explain how these alleged stone age sheep herders whom you scoff at and mock described contemporary living creatures which paleontologists today identify as dinosaurs, from skeletal remains?	sarc
From the "intelligent people are smart, wise people agree with me" school of thought. Yeah, not buying that steaming pile of bovine feces, Easy.	So, Clinton getting it on with Lewinsky is a sign of intelligence? You can work for the Obama administration with those kinds of smarts. LOl!!	sarc
Porky Pine put that link in there not out of laziness but out of intelligence. This argument has already been attacked and in the minds of every intelligent person it has been thwarted. Just because you can't wrap your mind around such big words and scary numbers doesn't mean it hasn't been answered.	Giving an answer to a conumdum doesn't necessarily solve it.	notsarc
250 rounds?What happened to one shot one kill?keep them away from me in asituation.emoticonXWowshould have intoxicated his brain with a bullet.	That's military snipers, not for what passes for elite police in the land of the fruits and nuts. SEALS, Marines and Army for the most part.	sarc
NO, to rag on a gay activist--because of the hypocrisy. And there are certainly people here who also can't pass up the opportunity to show such hypocrisy with religious activists against gays, and I don't recall you opposing THEM on that. If you all are going to take glee in hypocrisy of religious activists against gay rights, you might as well realize that what's good for the goose is good for the gander.	So what are you claiming now? That all this time that Rosie was making fun of the Chinese, she's actually been Chinese all the while? Because that's the only legitimate way you could draw a parallel with those people who are hypocritically attacking gays while being gay themselves.	sarc
Why? Because police cars attached to the Washington MPD's Civil Disturbance Unit had escorted the SEIU protesters' buses to Baer's home. Such cross-jurisdictional escort activity is not uncommon for both departments according to Friz and Metro Police Department spokesperson Officer Eric Frost. Still, the District police did not inform their colleagues of what was about to happen in one of their Maryland neighborhoods.	So cross jurisdictional escort is a fairly common occurrence in the area. You will note that it is not the local cops talking about not being informed....it is the author of the article whining about it.	sarc
I agree that liberalism sucks. However, you dont know what liberalism is, so have no idea which parts suck or why. You just keep telling the same lies and refusing to learn anything. People like YOU are the reason this country is failing. It is not "liberal economic policies" that are bankrupting us, it is STUPID economic policies, and you seem to support all the especially foolish ones. That is why the republican party has become the party of stupid. They hate liberals, but leave us no choice but to vote for those liberals because nitwits like you ensure that we dont have a conservative choice.Way to go.	You're deluded, as usual. Anything that doesn't balance the budget is based on LIBERAL THINKING. And you don't balance the budget with massive tax hikes and gutting the military like the liberals are fond of doing. And you're going to vote for liberals? Obama? His latest budget plan was defeated 414-0 in the House. Not even his liberal cohorts would vote for it. And you vote for Obama? What the hell is the matter with you people?	sarc
. . . .The irony is that we all fall somewhere on the line of pregnancy from no abortions at all to minutes before birth. . . .	You know, this little phrase, "minutes before birth," keeps popping up in reference to abortion.Could someone please explain to me the point of having an abortion "minutes before birth"? What is the point?How many, if any, of this sort of abortion is performed?Could I get a really honest answer to that? Please, no lies.How many?Can anyone tell me?	notsarc
Don't expect the recent retractions and exonerations to change that. One of the strongest, most-repeated findings in the psychology of belief is that once people have been told X, especially if X is shocking, if they are later told, “No, we were wrong about X,” most people still believe X. As Twain and Churchill knew, sometimes the truth never catches up with the lie, let alone overtakes it. As I wrote last summer in a story about why people believe lies even when they're later told the truth, sometimes people's mental processes simply go off the rails.	Absolutely true!I discovered that with my fluoride research...For whatever reason, most people take another's word for what the truth actually is instead of searching for it themselves.If the lie is an easier pill to swallow than the truth pill, they'll take the lie. emoticonXFrazzled	notsarc
How sad it would be for me if I believed that this is all there is.........When you die there is nothing else.........I truly believe that a lot of atheists find religion on their deathbed...........At least I hope that is the case............	So you advocate religion not because it is the truth, but instead because it gives you comfort and security? The opiate of the masses eh?	sarc
uk crime doesn't seem to correlate with the gun ban. i'm not too familiar with it to be honest but it has gone up and down at crazy rates over the years unrelated to the gun ban. dropping in all states regardless of gun laws. again, doesn't seem gun laws are what changes the crime stats.	so steeeeve, how long have you supported the confiscation of all privately held firearm in the us?  c'mon, you know you want to.emoticonxkillemoticonxclown some gun-grabbing anti-constitutionalists wear a rather convincing disguise.	sarc
I personally think that abortion is wrong. I think that a fetus is still a baby. I do think that abortion can be okay but only if the mother's life is in danger, otherwise they should live with it. They should have stayed away from the causes of pregnancy.	If you think that it's OK when the Mother's life is in danger. Why wouldn't it be OK when her life isn't in danger?	notsarc
It's more than likely the Trinity that's referenced in Genesis 1:26, etc. That's the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit for those of you who live in Yorba Linda.You're the spiritual dwarf who's confused. Perhaps you should humble yourself and get some Godly wisdomPartly right. The dinosaurs were long dead before the flood. Your latest reach, however - that the Bible stole the flood account from another culture is another one of your unfounded liberal myths. It's more probable that the other culture(s) stole it from the descendants of Noah in the first place.As for Xcaliber's Tourette Syndrome rant about having to go to Australia to pick up Koala bears, God doesn't need to do that. It's Biblically-based in Acts 8:39 that he can just "translate" the animals from Australia to the Middle East. That's assuming the flood involved Australia in the first place.	Strange, I thought it was supposed to be a global flood that wiped out all of man except the chosen few. That would be 'involving Australia' one assumes.	sarc
morgan spurlock, director and star of 'super size me: a film of epic proportions,' is releasing an edited version of the film for classrooms. the school version of the academy-award nominated film is scheduled to be released after the feb. 27 oscars. personally i think that the film will be great to help solve americas obesity issues and if not convince children to not eat mcdonalds for a month	parents want convenience and to pacify their children with a 'happy meal'. most kids don't ask for lettuce, they ask for burgers. wonder why mcdonalds doesn't add a soy burger to their menu? they have salads and adding soy products would be another way to show they 'care' about health. the answer might be they have done consumer research and found the costs to create/market a new soy product outweight the profits.	sarc
No, honey, it's about women shopping at Home Depot more than the grocery store, it's about women actually knowing how to fix their cars, hook/real and clean a fish, it's about women who don't wear make-up and do wear "sencible shoes". It's all about the Michigan Womens' Music Festival!!! :p	****! I go to Home Depot, have a basic understanding of car maintenance, love to fish, always wear sensible shoes and will frequently go without make-up. I never knew I was a XXXX. Man if I can't get my stereotypes right, I guess I will just have to give up my crush on the cute dude guitar player I saw last night..... :p	sarc
Not in your droll mind it hasn't that much is clear king trident... Why don't you go hunt some tuna or something...	Do you know why gay sex sinners refuse to repent? Because they have an idol - gay sex.	sarc
i found this by chance and really couldn't resist replying: 'these are people captured on the battlefield.' please define whjat is measnt by battlefield exactly, my understanding is that battlefield = anywhere on earth 'many of the ones released have been either recaptured or shot in combat' sorry i don't beleive your corporate controlled bullshit media. 'because they're terrorists!' all i have to say to this revolting excercise in hypocrisy is the following: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4pgpbqfxgo  'this is war people, you have to start entering the reality of the situation.' really, oh well when you put it that way, actually just out of curiosity who are you fighting against, oh yeah, a tactic called terrorism which you use more than any other nation on earth. your true colours are on display for all to see, good day:0	oh yeah, i forgot that you believe that the corporate media and corporate leaders have gotten together to create war and put innocents in jail. i will admit that the powers of the executive branch have gone way too far, but i still believe that being at war means we have to treat the enemy like our enemy, and not like american civilians. do i agree with the war? no. but that's only because i feel that we could have done this all with special forces and not with an invasion/occupation. i would still support detaining terrorists captured in battle/mission (and if they're americans, give them a proper trial, not a military tribunal or some bullshit like that).	notsarc
it's about looking for a point in spacetimewhere none applies. covering the entire universe, not for specific examples within the universe.	i'm surprised no one has mentioned the subject of quantum mechanics in this thread. it seems to be a very good example of the concept, instead of perhaps parallel lines. the fact that things can exhibit mutually incompatible properties of either a particle or a wave depending on how we observe them is incomprehensible, yet certainly reality, no? and i think this is just one example of the apparent incomprehensibility of qm . . .	notsarc
is the bible fiction or a historical text with accurate accounts of the time periods being written about? hahahahahahahahahahhahahahaahahahahahahahahah	i totes love how your arguments doesn't even tell us what your answer is since you laughed a question that had two sides open for agreement or disagreement.	sarc
Go tell it to your pet carp. He might believe you.	He certianly is better educated about things like that than certain evangalic christians.	sarc
I must admit this is a very long winded fairy tale you tell.	And yet you can offer nothing to show it's impossible! It most certainly is a plausible explaination! Fairytale?!? Don't think so, a logical path for the developement of the avian lung.	notsarc
I read an article yesterday (about Evolution, Extinction, and Economics) in which it was claimed that 99% of all species that have ever existed are now extinct.This sort of claim (which I've come across before) troubles me: how can it be asserted, with any certainty at all:1). The number of species which have evolved.2). The percentage of that number that have become extinct.????	I believe it is merely all known living species against those known by the fossil record and extinct. There are undoubtedly more extinct species that we are unaware of than living ones.	notsarc
if you don't like the country, feel free to leave. go over to britain or canada where they have whatever you could possibly want in terms of social policy...except for the right to question the government and complain about the quality of living.	do you actually believe that? do you have any evidence? complaining is practically the national passtime here.	sarc
so, in one thread you are whining because he pays a lower tax rate than his secretary, but in this thread you are gloating because the legislation he suggested to fix that got shot down? you are a strange, strange man.	wrong again daewoo; but at least you are painfully consistent. i am merely pointing out the hypocrisy and level of ignorance obama displays every time he opens his economically clueless and divisive mouth. but then, who would ever accuse you of getting anything right? once again, the buffet rule is for the gullible and clueless to glom onto in a vacuum of reality and the fact that it would do nothing to solve this nations problems and is merely a diversion from the massive failure this president has been, more so than even carter.  i cant say i am surprised you would glom onto such an idiot talking point.  it is only strange for someone who is so completely clueless that they cannot even comprehend a simple thread premise.  so were you born this clueless, or deliberately play the role of someone who is patently clueless?	sarc
You make some great points but she could carry the baby to term and then put it up for adoption...........There are long lists of people wanting to adopt babies...........I know a couple that waited 5 years and then adopted a child from South Korea..........Why does the innocent baby have to forfeit its life?	For a 13 year old girl that could greatly damage her body to have a pregnancy so young. She is just starting to grow and mature, and its not healthy, natural, or right to have a pregnancy at that age. She could cause alot of damage being that young.	notsarc
This standard gets ever complicated. The 22wk old baby inside the mother has "less value" to you it seems. Actual location determines a value...someone else determines the value on someone. It really is confusing. I just don't understand how value it relative to other things....even more so when it comes to humans	Math is confusing too, doesn't mean we should get rid of it.	sarc
People who own weapons aren't responsible for combating or preventing crime in general. Gun ownership doesn't commit us to becoming default cops. What ownership does is allow us to protect ourselves in the event of an armed criminal attack. So the basis for your articles thesis is fallacious in expecting armed people to somehow become extensions of law enforcement in order to justify being armed.Therefore, the only rational response to your premise is to encourage more law abiding people to be armed and trained so as to outnumber the armed criminals so they will have no unarmed citizens to victimize. That is the most effective way to intimidate the lawless criminals into never using their weapons for violence for fear that their intended victim may actually be better armed then they are.	Good observation! He is very good at presenting fellatious viewpoints and lack of knowledge and content. He is one of the more fellatious people I know and you won't find him taking notice of the Constitution as the Supreme Law of the Land either.	sarc
Well, I'm not an atheist, but I definitely don't believe in the bible. However, I don't think the "atheists" or the non-christian believers promote morality. Our issue is only based in the fact that we are a normal part of society and would very much like to have that respect. On the other side, the fundies say they know what's right for everyone and look at us as reprobrates, condemned... blah blah blah. Don't think we're promoting morality. we're not pedophiles, thieves or evil people.... but we're constantly condemned by the moral christianists. I think our side of the moral issue is more of a knee-jerk reaction to the jerks on the fundie side. If someone kicked you constantly, wouldn't you eventually kick back. The problem with the fundies is that when we kick back, it hurts. But they feel justified in what they do.	It's probably defensive to some extent on both sides. A lot of atheists I've run into seem to be out to prostlytize as well--they are basically evangelists for the atheist way of thinking. Religiously atheist, you might say. They're looking for opportunities to assert the atheist message. And I've read some pretty darn hateful things said about Christianity right here in these forums, and just chalking it up to be "defending" or "kicking back" doesn't really fly. Who knows who threw the first punch? It's to the point that it doesn't really matter anymore, because both sides should be showing respect.	notsarc
Would you agree that the logic is flawed in both cases? Whether you say "You go against God you reap what you so" or "you preach hate you reap what you sow" (in short)?	Galatians 6:7 Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.The whole concept of "reap what you sow" is a CHRISTIAN concept.And now you're claiming it's flawed?While I feel the need to continually reiterate that what this guy did in harming others was WRONG (primarily to avoid the trolls from misrepresenting my point), the validity of the generic concept of "reap what you sow" is amazingly poignant.People typically don't just go nuts and harm people for no reason.Columbine saw the kids trying to harm other kids who harassed them.While some people may be jumping the gun in trying to assign "sowing", I am also amazed that others are so unwilling to inspect the question of whether or not the church involved truly did "sow"...	notsarc
South Dakotans say "repeal the extreme abortion ban!"Thanks to the hard work of 1,200 volunteers in 138 different cities and towns -- in nine weeks time -- we filed petitions with the names of more than 38,000 South Dakotans who are calling for the repeal of the extreme abortion legislation enacted by the South Dakota legislature and signed into law by Governor Mike Rounds on March 6. http://www.sdhealthyfamilies.org/	"Healthy Families" seems like a strange name for this group that the link is to.	notsarc
Of the court cases that have been decided over 92% have resulted in convictions. Statistically, it's highly unlikely that there will be big deviance from this pattern for the remaining cases. I don't think presenting information that shows that people with concealed handgun permits very likely kill more innocent people than criminals is a punch in the face to the VPC.	Oh vey! Vat du they say about the U.S. Marshals service committing more crimes than people they have actually arrested for a crime?	sarc
To the point of my previous post...This round-table discussion (with clips) is from today's "Hardball with Chris Matthews":Hardball with Chris Matthews	Oh my!!!!! Salon.com and Huffington Post think the guy was at fault! Get out!	sarc
Another view of this nylon-eating-bug is given..."Finally, Mr Cerutti is out of date about this new nylon digesting ability allegedly from a frame shift. New evidence shows that the ability was due to plasmids [e.g. K. Kato, et al., ?A plasmid encoding enzymes for nylon oligomer degradation: Nucleotide sequence analysis of pOAD2?, Microbiology (Reading) 141(10):2585?2590, 1995.] In fact, more than one species of bacteria have the ability, residing on plasmids. This suggests that the information probably already existed, and was just passed between different types of bacteria." "All that would be needed to enable an enzyme to digest nylon is a mutation causing loss of specificity in a proteolytic (protein-degrading) enzyme. This may seem surprising? How would a loss of information create a new ability? Answer: enzymes are usually tuned very precisely to only one type of molecule (the substrate). Loss of information would reduce the effectiveness of its primary function, but would enable it to degrade other substrates, too. Since both nylon and proteins are broken down by breaking amide linkages, a change in a proteolytic enzyme could also allow it to work on nylon. If this process were continued, the result would be a general enzyme with a weakly catalytic effect on the hydrolysis of too many chemicals to be useful where much selectivity is required. To put it into perspective, acids and alkalis also catalyze many hydrolysis reactions, but they also lack specificity. Indeed, an inhibitor of a protein degrading enzyme also inhibits the action of the nylon degrading enzyme"http://www.answersingenesis.org/home...e7-24-2000.aspTalkorigins gave their usual doubletalk"Whilst this particular case does not "prove" evolution, it is consistent with, and supportive of, the theory of biological evolution."Why do they say this? Because it's still a bacteria. It's not like it suddenly became a large multi-cellular organism. But it might just prove that this bug was so well designed that it can cope with newer situations. One site does say that it, the bacteria, had the capability already within it of change ? not resultant in ?mutations?, but more like switching on previously dormant apparatus. http://members.tripod.com/aslodge/id89.htmOne poster on another forum summed the problem up like this..." In order for species to advance there would have to be a net information gain, which isn't the case with nylon eating bacteria.The bacteria gained the ability to digest nylon, therefore was able to survive in a new environment. Two distinct advantagesBut, the bacteria lost its ability to survive in its old environment, eat its former diet and suffered a 98% loss in efficiency. Three disadvantages.So by taking two steps forward and three steps backward, where is the net gain? If nylon eating bacteria was "proof" of evolution, we would still be pond scum, but with the ability to digest whatever happened to become the primary food source."http://www.christianforums.com/t52336	None of these alternate views go outside the framework of evolution. They all use poor wording, though, and try to lead one to some conclusion about "information" or something.	notsarc
a 'pro-life' murderer strikes again. aren't these extremist nut cases wonderful? i hope this sicko does not get the death penalty. that would not be 'pro-life.'	he was a partial-birth abortion provider that killed babies late term. in terms of fetal viability he might as well been killing babies right after they'd been born. i don't condone it, but i'm surprised it didn't happen sooner--one monster killed by another. it wasn't right, but what that sicko doctor was doing was certainly no better.	notsarc
The Governor is concerned why one hour passed between the husband's discovery of the collapse and the 911 call. He's just tieing up loose ends. The inquisitive public deserves to know.	I'm sure Jebbo has no alterior motive in this at all emoticonXClown   No, really he doesn'temoticonXConfused   Honestly emoticonXDonno   Please stop smirking emoticonXBye	sarc
you make a great point, one i had brought up to my state senator as well. i asked him if he had ever been sued for not hiring anyone for any reason. his reply was that he had not, granted it was punctuated with stammering and stuttering as he answered. i knew i had hit the nail on the head and caught him off guard. he had no response. yes, i'm sure it was just his excuse for maintaining his personal bigotry against gays/lesbians.	it's a pretty obvious counter question, i'm surprised it caught him so off guard. what's his name, if you don't mind my asking? i've got friends in illinois who would appreciate knowing about this, if they're in his district.	notsarc
In his early life, Smith had a reputation for drinking too much. Whether or not this affected his thinking is a question which should to be considered when asking questions about mormon theology.	Wow, that must be some good stuff he was drinking to keep him 'under the influence' for THAT long!! :p	sarc
I have met professed atheists who could not put a name to their actual beliefs.	Wouldn't professing atheism cover that?Or were you looking for something else? I'll call mine "Bertrand".	sarc
I have not insulted you in the least. I merely speak the truth.You should try it some time.	Only in your mind could lying about me be telling the truth smiley. And if you had any concept of what truth is, you wouldn't be an anti-christian atheist my spiritually blind friend. emoticonXAngel	sarc
All we want is for the baby in the womb to have the same chance you did if possible.	So if Jitobear's mother had the option to abort Jitobear in utero, you want Jitobear to have the same option with any children she carries? That's awfully progressive of you.	sarc
dear lisa, i want to tell you you're hot. hot as in every way possible. in fact, you should eat some peyote while you dance the tarantella. the way you smell like a goddess in heat makes me want to email you and ask you if you would consider this proposition: if you'll remove that top button i would have enough nerve to plop my large foot down, showing the massive wart to you. do you like warts? i hope so.	dear lisa, i want to tell you you're hot. hot as in every way possible. in fact, you should eat some peyote while you dance the tarantella. the way you smell like a goddess in heat makes me want to email you and ask you if you would consider this proposition: if you'll remove that top button i would have enough nerve to plop my large foot down, showing the massive wart to you. do you like warts? i hope so. there's this longing	sarc
then surely you can't explain away why enzyme a and co-enzyme b are separate compounds but work together to produce another by-product.	Well, in the case above, it was step-by-step. First, an existing enzyme was modified to a new use, and over time, became refined to work better and better. This is the way evolution works. Nothing is de novo; it's always a modfication of something else. Second, a mutation produced a regulator that only allowed the enzyme to be produced if the substrate was available. Again, this was refined by natural selection over time. In the end, the newly-evolved system was irreducibly complex, because all three parts have to be present for the system to work. And do show us your numbers proving that such processes can't produce new information. If you don't know how, I'd be pleased to show you how a mutation changes the information in a population.	notsarc
Not that anyone here cares to read the Creationist slant on soft tissue found in dinosaurs...but here it is	Actually, I've heard it all before and it is wrong. The article is full of misinformation and misrepresentation. It is, as you say, slanted rather than an honest report of the data.	notsarc
Old Allah must be schizophrenic in real life then not to know Jesus is divine and the only way of salvation (John 14:6, Acts, 4:12, etc.). Someone posted the following some time ago for more on this general subject:Mohammed v. Jesus.	Yes yes yes. We know you are bigoted against any non-christian. I am sure that the out of context quotes are totally misrepresenting Islam. But, your out of context quotes totally misrepresent Judaism too.. so that is no surprise.	sarc
"Drug traffickers are able to obtain firearms and ammunition more easily in the U.S., ......... "In addition, drug traffickers frequently resort to using 'straw purchasers'	Well Duh!   The answer has ALWAYS BEEN Drugs, and Drug Traffickers. Concentrate on them and you have the answer to the problems!	sarc
What's the difference between humans and chimps? According to the blowhards in the scientific world for the past 60 years, they said it was genetic mutations. But according to these three articles, including a September 2006 Science article it's cooked food and fire.....you see these things cause our genes to be expressed differently. ...We think gene expression is a major part of what separates chimps and humans," said Kevin White, an associate professor of genetics, ecology and evolution at Yale University in the United States. When we looked at gene expression, we found fairly small changes in 65 million years of macaque, orangutan and chimpanzee evolution," said Dr Yoav Gilad of the University of Chicago, lead author of the study. But he said it was followed by quick changes in specific groups of genes known as transcription factors, which control the expression of other genes, since humans diverged from their ape ancestors during the last 5 million years. "This rapid evolution in transcription factors occurred only in humans," Gilad added in a statement. ...	The article is saying that it was genetic changes. Changes in genes encoding certain transcription factors is what caused changes in the expression of other genes.	notsarc
The Mumbai massacre was an attack by Pakistani terrorists. If a country can't keep terrorists armed with machine guns and bombs from crossing its borders then you can't expect gun control to help in such situations. There might be even more such attacks in the US if the US shared a border with Pakistan.	All the more reason to be armed to the teeth huh,does this mean you see it our way?	sarc
I reckon that evolution is still just a theory for a valid reason. It is untrue and cannot be proven. Darwin himself said that his theory would be proven or disproven based on the future discovery of transitional fossils. There have been NO such fossils ever found.That being the case, even Darwin agrees that the theory of evolution is just man's folly. Ya'll can write millions of words about evolution, but what you lack is the proof of one discovery of transitional fossils The fact of the matter is that God created man in his own image. Case closed.	hunter, would you be interested in actually discussing this logically? or do you simply wish to toss out empty assertions and run away when challenged? if your view is the truth, then you have no reason to run.	sarc
i used to think the answer to this was bin laden, but after reading an article called 'the brain' (playboy's june issue), i switched my opinion to khalid shieikh mohammed. does anyone else agree with me? this guy was the mastermind behind so many terrorist attacks (incl. 9/11) that it made my head spin. it was also surprising to read that he received his bachelor's degree here in the states, with classmates describing him as a 'class clown'. simply crazy, and scary when you think about it. thoughts or opinions? steve	what about God? So many God-fearing people, he must be a terrorist :)  seriously I really don't know much about terrorists. I know that Bin Laden was behind 9/11 but he wasn't the only one, but that's about it.	sarc
This statement is wrong. People from hundreds of years before Jesus was born prophesied that a baby would be born, in Bethlehem, of a virgin. There were over 50 more prophesies that were made about his life, and the sacrafice he made to pay for the sins of man, and the bigest one of all...He completely fufilled scripture when he rose from the dead. These men were inspired by Jesus, God, how can you argue that he is not the christ? The odds of one man filling all the prophesies is impossible. And these scriptures have been unchanged for the past 2000-2500 approx years! Thats proof for me that Jesus existed and that he is God. PM me if you like.	The egyptians predicted his birth, death, WWI, WWII, and they have predict the supposed end of the world. Are you saying that this religion was wrong? They predicted a lot more that I have not put that have come true.	notsarc
nmbla thinks it should be 8. there argument? it is giving the child comfort and will actually help them mature faster. don't believe me? check out their website.	well, then again, we all know the kind of people the nmbla consists of. sick freaks, everyone of them. they have their reasons. chinese girls start their period at three years old hmmm? sorry for the skepticism, but i don't buy it. i can't imagine a three year old starting their period. how is a body like that supposed to sexually mature?	sarc
That is not necessarily true. I have known girls who have gotten pregnant and wanted an abortion but the fathers of the babies told them they didn't want them to have an abortion so the didn't and now the baby is healthy.	The guy can have an opinion but the ultimate choice is up to the woman who can listen to what the guy says or not, it's up to her. I believe that is what sinjin was saying.	notsarc
I believe in Spinoza's God who reveals himself in the orderly harmony of what exists, not in a God who concerns himself with the fates and actions of human beings.I cannot imagine a God who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation, whose purposes are modeled after our own -- a God, in short, who is but a reflection of human frailty. Neither can I believe that the individual survives the death of his body, although feeble souls harbor such thoughts through fear or ridiculous egotisms.A man's ethical behavior should be based effectually on sympathy, education, and social ties and needs; no religious basis is necessary. Man would indeed be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment and hope of reward after death.Scientific research is based on the idea that everything that takes place is determined by laws of nature, and therefore this holds for the action of people. For this reason, a research scientist will hardly be inclined to believe that events could be influenced by a prayer, i.e. by a wish addressed to a Supernatural Being.	And Stephen Hawking, the only thing he has said was "I do not believe in a personal god", which would make him a pantheist or deist at best.	notsarc
Under a different circumstance than what you are talking about as in the 2A.	I'm sorry, did Article V have a clause I'm missing that says you can only amendment the constitution if it accomplishes more freedom? Is there anywhere in the history of that provision that supports this? Can you point to ANYTHING that supports your incorrect viewpoint?	sarc
they have to land eventually, they can't fly continuously. so that's gravity eventually bringing them down. if we could flap our arms that quick like they do their wings we'd be the same.	i love how you managed to make a counter-troll sound like a serious reply :)	sarc
Sir Issac Newton was an idiot and you are a genius? Hmm. Let me think about that for a second?	You really think so? Im flattered, but I think you are wrong.	sarc
You need to read what people say more thoroughly, and think about it before you respond. When he said "can" (and there are not many simpler words than that!) It didn't mean "will", "must", or "shall" be more aggressive. It has been shown that in some cases it "CAN" happen. It may not have happened with you. It still might, we don't know. We might even say that it is not likely to happen, but we can't say that it won't, because sometimes some people do behave more aggressively when they have a gun.	He stated that " statistics show that firearms cause aggression in individuals", no mention of the word can anywhere in there that I saw.	sarc
Would legalization help this? I dunno, but probably cause many other problems without everyone legalizing it.	There's nothing to help, because what you said has no resemblance to reality.If someone is a junkie, they might also smoke pot, or if someone is a crackhead, they might also smoke pot, but the large majority of pot smokers DO NOT do heroin or smoke crack.	notsarc
AN AK-47 assault rifle, a high-calibre sniper rifle and machine guns are among a large cache of weapons uncovered by police in a sting operation culminating in a series of Sydney raids.Undercover officers bought a range of illegal guns, including the AK-47, over a series of months from a targeted supplier.In a similar raid yesterday, in Powder Works Road, Elanora Heights, officers seized a large cache of weapons. It included a 22 Magnum revolver, a 12-gauge shotgun, a .410 calibre shotgun and ammunition, two .22 calibre rifles, two Lee Enfield .303 bolt-action rifles, a M6 Scout dual calibre shotgun/rifle, a .270 calibre bolt-action rifle, a .45 calibre muzzle loading rifle, a 22-250 calibre bolt-action rifle andXa Martini Action rifle.	I know, maybe the American criminals will just import guns in with their Mexican illegal drugs. I don't know for sure but I believe the Mexican Drug gangs wouldn't mind another revenue stream. Net results, Zilch, nada, zero. But you know that! emoticonXSmilie Gun control is nothing but a scam!	sarc
hopefully the democrats will finally get the message that we don't want their freaking liberal ideas. ;)	finally an other conservative in this site. i mean who do these people think they are? trying to pass amendments like the fairness act. but i'm not surprised that some order is coming back to are leaders. when the government swings to far to one side, (in this case left) its ganna swing back to the other side, we just as conservatives, need to make sure we don't go to right, or we'll have done just as bad as the liberals.	notsarc
I'll get to spend eternity with my buddy satan, so death doesn't bother me.	Death might not bother you, but the afterlife is going to be a real killer!	sarc
Heading further down that path...If the "right" belongs to the child, then the "right" obviously also DOES NOT belong to those opposed to gays.More specifically, the "right" to WAIVE potential parents as ineligible does not belong to those who are opposed to gays.The "right" would belong to the child to decide who HE/SHE wants, and it would be a bigger usurpment of this right of the child to DENY the child the option of gay parents than it is to present him with the option.	Well, this gets rather complicated. A very young child does not get to choose his or her adoptive parents. Who decides on who adopts whom depends on the kind of adoption and the policies of the particular adoption system. In private domestic adoption, the birth mother usually gets to decide on who will adopt her baby. The foster care system is organized differently, and international adoption is different still and depends on the country from which the child is being adopted. So it's pretty much impossible to generalize about adoption policies and practices. They vary greatly.The point is that the purpose of adoption is to protect the rights of the child.	notsarc
It's nice to think that you'll 'plan' a child later but, life seldom works that way. I'd hate to think that once you're finally ready to have a child, your uterus has been scarred to infertility or have sever complications in conception, carrying the child to term or delivery. I'd be ironic for another yuppy type who can't have children on their own due to an abortion to have to incure greater medical costs to have one or legal costs to adopt...and maybe even seeking a foreign child as there aren't any easily to be had here...since they were all aborted. Also, the older you get, the more health issues possible for the child.	I'll have you know that the abortion went without a hitch, and my uterus is perfectly healthy, thankyouverymuch (not that it is any of your emoticonXCensored business), and yes, I do plan to have a child in the future, and don't really care what you think about it.	notsarc
most research indicates social deprivation as being main causes of crime coupled nowadays with drugsSO WHY ARE GUNS BEING BLAMED FOR CAUSING CRIME!!! I've been saying this for years...Criminals have always had guns ban or notThat is the exact point of this thread... guns bans/control doesn't stop the criminals, endangering the populace.If you want to argue anti-gun... don't support the side of us "redneck-hillbilly-gunnuts" that you think are so stupid.	But the number of criminals that have firearms can be reduced. In developed nations that have very strict gun laws there are a lot less criminals obtaining and using guns to commit crimes. How does your theory explain that?	notsarc
i think you may be taking our objections a bit too seriously. what he said was stupid and homophobic, sure. but i have no idea who this guy is or how big an audience, if any, he has. if i thought he had the country's ear, if he was running for office, if he set policy; then i'd be concerned. as it is, i'm quite content to just point out what an idiot he seems to be.  and i'm curious. you don't actually think that anyone who supports gay rights in any way could find that piece anything but disrespectful, do you? granted, he may not be worth worrying about, but he clearly has no respect for gays at all.	what do you find disrespectful about it? maybe it is 'disrespectful' but i sometimes that's not necessarily so bad. i don't think it rises to the level of being offensive.	notsarc
Indeed. Many people don't realize that the commandment is not "thou shalt not kill," but "thou shalt not murder." The important question then becomes, when is killing murder?I have no doubt that God cares for the lives of fetuses. But I also have no doubt that God cares for the lives of pregnant women.The reason I brought up the Exodus passage is that it's often taken to establish that abortion is murder, and that performing an abortion should be punished accordingly. But the passage isn't talking about abortion at all. Which just leaves us with the question of when it is or isn't acceptable to take a life, and the passage doesn't provide guidance to that general question, either.	How is that conclusion derived at? The passage is speaking to the consequences to a man who's actions cause the death of an unborn child. And the proscribed consequence is death according to OT Law. So although the passage isn't speaking to abortion at all, it is making a very clear statement regarding the value of the unborn, as it is requiring a life for a life just as for any other sentient being according to the OT Law. So these arguments I get from the likes of you and Iangb which argue that until a child shows mental awareness, it isn't actually a person deserving of human rights is a bogus and shortsighted position according to the scriptural point of view. Of that, there is no question.	notsarc
Now, that is just plain cruel. He isn't nearly as bad as EZ. He is lacking the extreme hate and the extreme latent behavior that EZ shows.	Dont mind him, hes just sticking up for his new boyfriendemoticonXLove	sarc
So Stalin didn't actually practice Communism (not that anyone has), but really just used bits and pieces to further his rule and such ideology is not communism but Stalinism. So in essence, Stalin wasn't a commie.	You seem to require a slick answer to a complicated question - so how about this:Question: Was Stalin a communist ?Answer: That's what he said he was.Hope this is glib and vacuous enough to meet with your exacting standards.	sarc
40 less people dying a year is pretty good news - but I don't think you can attribute it to the change in gun law. If you plot the table of homicides, you get a pretty steady negative correlation which has been declining ever since 1991. 2009 hasn't been a particularly spectacular decline compared to previous years.	The difference of 43 deaths a year is the 4th largest flucuation since 1990 - not what you call insignificant. Would this difference be made if more guns did equal more crime?	notsarc
We know. Nato regurgitated the same talking point in post 3. Do try to keep up.	Do try to keep up with yourself. People like you are always talking about how we need gun control laws in response to the crimes taking place. But you have absolutely no answer for what to do when said laws are violated.	sarc
i think everyone knows who i have a crush on.	i don't :( tell me, inbox me if you don't want to say it in front of other's.  i am surprised i thought you would be to holy to have lust.	notsarc
why would i want to watch lesser basketball? the skill level of the wnba is nothing special and even a mens minor league team could beat them and since i don't watch minor league teams play i don't watch womens sports.  i make an exception for mud wrestling.	wow!! your such a guy! i bet you watch lingere womens football too dont you. womens basketball is on a much higher level then men. i bet you couldnt even tell me what a shot clock, three point shot, foul shot, or even what layup is. maybe if your tried watching womens basketball you would see how it is on a high skill level and how some wnba teams could beat mba teams.	sarc
It is no shock that if you have a religious moral code that rejects a lifestyle then you would then reject that lifestyle. What is shocking is that one would take the idea of rejecting a lifestyle and declaring it "homophobia" or "gay-bashing". It is a great example of taking a fact and drawing unreasonable conclusions from that. But no one would make such a crazy claim on these forums emoticonXRolleyes	If the rejecting of the "lifestyle" results in death, beatings, job displacement, eviction, insults or inequality, then what would YOU call it? "Religious moral code?"	sarc
(6) Natural selection supposedly accounts for the development of new kinds, but actually tends to preserve the present kinds, since an incipient organ or new feature of any kind would have no "survival" value unless it were fully functional from its very beginning.	Actually, natural selection tends to preserve a species with only minor changes in a stable environment. But environments tend to change. I don't know what that "incipient organ" junk is supposed to mean. Is that another way of saying "what good is half a wing." Well, check out a penguin to find out. Look at a seal flipper. It has the same bones, arranged in the same way as a monkey. What good is it for a land animal? And what does "fully functional" mean? What function? Perhaps the new organ had a different purpose - take the clawed hands of fossil birds for example. They were good for catching prey and climbing, just like they were for their dinosaur ancestors. But those clawed wings also allowed early birds to fly.	notsarc
so guns are more important than the safety of women? then the right of women abandoned by their husbands to know about the financial situation of their spouses in a divorce case?  so men love their guns more than women? is that some kind of homosexuality? ya know a gun is kind of shaped like, um, you know what. a gun does ejaculate in a sense.	i would agree with you, but first of all, the owner of the show has every right to not allow cameras. second, it would be a huge invasion of privacy if all women knew what their ex wives could keep spying on what they buy and what they do. they have no buisness doing that. very funny, but just because men don't want their rights violated by nosy ex wives and their lawyers and pis, does not mean that they love their guns any more than they do women. its simply a hobby. men don't insist on following women around, watching everything they buy and everything they do, do they? men are entitled to guns just as women are entitled to manicures. our rights are going out the window fast.	sarc
in florida about 7.5 million votes were cast for president. bush has the lead, with 100% reporting, by 376,923 votes. this is somewhere along the lines of a 376,386 increase in his margin of victory in fl compared to 2000.  in new mexico, approximately 700,000 votes were cast. bush has the lead, with 99% reporting, by 12,170 votes. he lost this state in 2000. the last election in which a candidate for president received a plurality was in 1984. ronald reagan carried 59% of the popular vote and 525 electoral votes. today is 2004, approximately 30 years between an election where the presidential candidate received a plurality.	i'm not disputing the numbers, and i'm certainly not disputing the fact that bush won.  what i'm intrigued about is the razor thin margins, to my mind anyway, that characterize the us election system. don't you find it the least bit odd that it's been 30 years since a president received a plurality? waxy	notsarc
The upheaval due to movement in oceanic and continental plates currently outpaces the rate of erosion. This is know and quantifiable given that all branches of sciences and all current forms of dating back it up.	So have you found figures pertaining to the rate of mountain growth? It is not enough to see with the naked eye the way erosion is. This explanation would also cause some mountains to fall as tectonic plates move away from eachother. Again after billions of years all rivers in existence would be deeper than those in the grand canyon without the material coming down from mountains.	notsarc
What I marvel at is that you're not even embarrassed to ask such an ignorant question. Because if it's a chicken egg, and if it's allowed to incubate to term, it sure isn't going to be a crow when it hatches. And to be even more simplistic, a chicken egg is still a chicken while it's in the egg. Just as a human being is still a human being in the womb.	Thats funny, because these scrambled eggs sure don't taste like KFC to me.	sarc
i agree, it is we that it is ridicules that we have gotten so into controlling stuff that now we even have a way to control natural courses, but i guess like i said before if it is to stop your child from suffering a sickness then i guess that is okay (still bad) but better than just being a complete control freak, or being selfish	yeah! its a benefit to be able to do a thing like that. i'm amazed that we've come so far in technology and science, but i think there is a line of what we can offer people. its not like they're gonna chose whether they want to have an egg or a bagel for breakfast.	notsarc
actually, it will continue till christianity is a dead religion, cause 'jesus' is not returning..	much more is happening in the world today than your little gay crusade matthew. but keep your single issue, and totally limited perspective in life, that's what you're good at. could you post where i said that revelation speaks to the rcc vs the protestant reformation ms ? as christ was a jew trebor, his followers wont ever cease to exist, just as god has preserved the jew according to his promises. i'm surprised you can't appreciate that my friend.	sarc
hyp-o-crite /h-p-kr-t/ Pronunciation Key - Show Spelled Pronunciation[hip-uh-krit] Pronunciation Key - Show IPA Pronunciation  â€“noun 1. a person who pretends to have virtues, moral or religious beliefs, principles, etc., that he or she does not actually possess, esp. a person whose actions belie stated beliefs.  2. a person who feigns some desirable or publicly approved attitude, esp. one whose private life, opinions, or statements belie his or her public statements.  Found that edit button yet?	You are going to need to be very specific here buckwheat:Exactly how did you deduce that I think I am so much better than you?And please, be brief.	sarc
That's an interesting insight.(I'm going to have to borrow that story... :p I can't help but wonder for some people if the reason they "mature" on the issue of heterosexual sex has to do more with the fact that they start wanting to do it themselves.A desire to partake in the action, as opposed to actual mature development, causes them to shift their attitudes towards heterosexuality.To me, that's one of the reasons Christianity (in general) has such a "tolerance" for divorce, which Jesus spoke out against explicitly, while not as much tolerance for homosexuality.They want to do the divorce thing or sympathize with the desire for it, so suddenly it's more "tolerated"... emoticonXRolleyes	Exactly, they are big on condeming the sins of those other guys. It makes them feel better about themselves. Also, it is always a good idea to have a vitriolic campaign about something that will never change so they will always have an enemy - homos are not going to disappear, abortion will never be made illegal. That's how the religious right recruits folks - get 'em all indignant about the "others" and they never notice they are being fleeced by the fat little pastor.	sarc
Following the logic of several people here, whatever God says is morally correct, therefore abortions are morally correct because God said so. Let's see who's going to be consistent about their beliefs.	this statement isn't logical.It does not follow that if the person who creates the laws has to therefore follow them or can't change them...or even that they apply to him. If a teacher says "no talking in the classroom" it doesn't apply to the teacher now does it.	notsarc
It's funny how you intellectually-inept fools resort to talking about how I was supposedly outdebated or embarrased or whatever in other forums yet you are unable to do it here.	"Supposedly"? You ran from those threads. You are the one making assertions that you don't back up. You are the one unwilling (i.e. unable) to show that Arctic foxes can adapt to a Phoenix summer. You are the one who keeps ignoring (what I will henceforth refer to as) The Chihuahua Challenge. For somebody claiming to be so clearly right and so obviously vindicated by the evidence, you've done nothing to show it, and you've done everything to run from it.	notsarc
from an enviromental perspective, forest fires are crucial for certain species to survive. man made influences has created a situation where forest fires are too uncommon that certain species and plants are facing extinction. forest fires also serves the purpose of revitalise the forests and make them more 'healthy'. but as i said, this is from the enviromental point of view. you are indeed correct that uncontralable forest fires are hazardous for humans who live nearby (as well as property). as always, a trade-off must be made.	i'm not really surprised at the bush administrations lack of a forest management plan. he known for not being an enviromentally-friendly president. forest fires are usually a natural occurance. they are often good for the eco-systems.it's the man made disasters that are the problem. we can't stop forest fires, but we can keep the property damage to a minimum by thining forests, building access roads where posible to fight the fires, and have stricter control over timber harvests. often the timber companies over-cut certain areas, leaving the lanscape a barren, lifeless terrain, not suited for wildlife habitat. soil erosion can become a problem also, as the silt from the soil erosion pollutes the streams and damages the fish habitat. the government needs a good forest management plan for public lands, and more funding for personel to impliment the current programs of forest management.	notsarc
so if he 'found jesus' he could be the president? just like the current occupant of the white house.	why are you trying to turn this into a religious debate? no one said anything about finding jesus. all you have done is show your anti-god prejudice.	notsarc
I voted No, cars are for transportation only, only because it was the only "no" option. Money's for rich people.	What's the matter? Can't anybody in KC afford to have 2 cars? emoticonXWow	sarc
No, they're the same species. If you put all these fish in the same pool at the end they would all breed with each other. The example wasn't of speciation, merely of a change in a population driven by the environment, which is the essense of evolution.	Agreed that they are still the same species, much like the "13 species" of Darwin's Finches, and I have no problem with evolution in that respect. I can even see the plausibility of different subspecies evolving eventually into different species if they are geographically separated for a sufficiently long time. But I still don't see where evolution, in that sense of the term, can account for dozens of species of monkeys occupying the same patch of rainforest, or dozens of species of gazelles occupying the same patch of grassland.	notsarc
Do you have a fire extinguisher in your house? I have never had a fire in my kitchen but I still keep a fire extinguisher in there. I look at wearing firearms for self defense the same way I look at wearing a seat belt. I wear it and pray I'll never need it, but I'll be damn glad I'm wearing it if I do need it.	When's the last time you heard of someone being killed by the accidental discharge of a fire extinguisher? Or when the last time a fire extinguisher was stolen from a home and then used in the commission of a crime? And don't you think the likelihood of being in a car accident is greater than that of being required to shoot someone?	sarc
Yes through what is described as the heterosexual lifestyle. Besides you are very much an exception to the rule.P.S. Only homosexuals wear dungarees, and I'm Heterosexual.	Now you're just being an butt. The word Dungarees is a coloquialism. Do you know what that word means?   Also that's what jeans were called before the word "jeans' entered the venacular. (Do you know what that word means?)   So, now are you going to tell me that only homosexuals have larger vocabularies?   Get a life...and preferably not mine...I'm living it at the moment.	sarc
How ironic you would even care since (1) you've opposed saving the lives of 101,000 of your fellow Americans who died this past year because of inadequate care, and (2) you think people should defend themselves with their own guns and stop burdening taxpayers with police departments.Oh and do take notice of the costly tasteless suit who came downstairs from the corporate palaces to arrogantly stand next to the underpaid cop in N.Y.C., and as if he owned the city's police forces.Anyone know that Costly Tasteless Suit's name?	Very Interesting! After only 33 posts Mintaka already has the political and gun advocacy priorities of individual members here down pat; or should I say the resurrected antonia, our resident National socialist healthcare freak does and couldn't help but expose her personal insights where none should exist for this alleged newbie.	sarc
yes i believe in strict government regulation of business. i see the agenda behind the question.	So, Steeeeve, I take it you are not for a FAIR society?   Is an unfair society a moral society? Please explain. I find it difficult to comprehend.	sarc
Is there evidence of uncaused events? I thought at issue was simply the impossibility of determing precise data.	I am hardly a phyicist, but I am under the impression that there is at least some people who feel there is reason that there are 'uncaused causes'. I think thatthe terms used are 'Vacuum flucuations', and 'virtual particles'. I am not awareof any peer reviewed articles on it , but a popular press book is 'Achilles in the quantum world' by Richard Morris.	notsarc
Good I will be linking this view of yours in the future. What you say will be used against you.	Used against me? I never denied this. Surely you refer to this in terms of gay marriage. Considering I don't believe gay marriage is a right I don't see how my words do you any good.	notsarc
have you been to nigeria??? egypt?? north africa?? and for christ's sake spell ridiculous correctly.	yes. your point? have you? as poor a typist as i am, and as full of mis-spellings as most of my posts are that is the best you can do? i must be slipping.	sarc
that's really interesting and that would be awesome if i could ask you questions my college course is based on biology so i could use the help xd i can see why it would put you off certain things :)	oh yeah. the things i do for fun just ruin my appetite. i like to look at bacteria under a couple of microscopes i have. sometimes i just place random bacteria together to see how they react. usually they dont do anything. if you do have questions don't be afraid to ask.	notsarc
this is more about efficiency than effective because of the coercive monopoly. ups and fedex would hire more people where they would be able to cover the vast plains of the united states. the private companies would have more opportunity if the ban on private companies would be repealed.	wow, there you go again. first we can cut health care costs by hiring lots and lots of doctors and nurses and building lots more hospitals... which have to be, you know, paid for. now we can cut postal rates by hiring lots and lots more delivery people! who have to be, you know, paid. in your view it seems that any cost can be reduced by spending more money... it's fascinating really.	sarc
Pregnancy is ALWAYS physically harmful. You try carrying a load of extra weight about and see what that does to your heart. It is also always life threatening - women still die from it and you never know how childbirth is going to go.	jessica, all these problems you've listed, the human body takes care of automatically and remarkably well. the fact still remains that only less than 5% of all abortions occur because the risk is great enough to be deemed life-threatening to either tha mother or the child. and that percentage is diminishing as well. the overwhelming majority of abortions occur simply because the woman decides she does not wnat to be a mother.	notsarc
There will be more guns on the street whether the Court hears the case or not or regardless of how the Court might rule: gun laws don't effect criminals.	If guns laws don't affect criminals then how do you explain the low rates of criminal gun use in nations like the UK?	notsarc
see how much easier it would have been to have just shot them on the battlefield or whatever hole we found them hiding in instead of taking them into custody? sure, we would have been without their intell, but then at least we would not have tortured them, and we wouldn't be running around wondering what to do with them.	nice thought. a pity you did not live in the third reich. emoticonxfrazzled if they were captured in the battlefield then they should be treated according to the geneva convention.  and if they were found in a hole then why did you remove from there? and please tell us of the 'intelligence' they supplied the only 'intelligence' they supplied was to be used in how to perfect techniques in torturing in which medical doctors participated just as the doctors in nazi germany. doctors are creepy.	sarc
you mean he didn't deny christ (who is jehovah god, jewish messiah, and resurrected savior of mankind)? and if i sinned, then why aren't you all over daewoo for doing the same thing? didn't he say in a previous post: 'you have perverted the word of god in the service of selfishness and greed.'? when my service was to the poor and needy? why the double standard, steeeve? and when are you going to wise up and quit denying jesus christ?	are you illiterate or just stupid? when you try to use biblical passages dishonestly and out of context in order to convince people that god would favor an economy without social programs when, in fact, the exact opposite is clearly true, then you have perverted the word of god in the service of selfishness and greed. this aint hard.	sarc
While I'm not going to consider Dr. Tiller a pillar of society, I'm certainly not going to condone his murder.	Exactly. If you are a child rapist and someone pops you in the head than you should go to jail for murder. Sorry, two wrongs don't make a right.	notsarc
you've got one little fly in the ointment there, jax. it's called originalist judges (thank god roberts will be confirmed). you freely admit that you want activist judges to push your liberal agenda. a judge is not a legislator. judge roberts had the right analogy of a baseball umpire. to interpret the literal meaning of the law. emoticonxidea	i think you may be very very suprised by roberts. i like some of the answers he is giving. i have a feeling you conservates may get f***cked. he is not as conservate as you think. besides even if he is conservate he certainly is not as conservate as the emoticonxcensored he is replacing.  as a citizen of virginia do you support this law that strips people of their wills and powers of attorny? http://leg1.state.va.us/cgi-bin/legp...41+ful+hb751s1 this is just a very mean law and will hurt many people.	notsarc
Murder without pain is still murder. If you pour CO2 into a babies room while their sleeping they probably won't feel anything.Biologically the fetus is an individual human organism from conception, I don't think it's about consciousness or awareness because a newborn probably isn't aware of much, it's all really conjecture what they understand, and none of us remember. It's the principle, not whether the organism is sentient at that exact moment, but whether it as a category (species) is sentient.A sleeping person doesn't lose their rights because they can't pass the mirror test unconscious.	I would argue against this but I would need to introduce subjectivism into the argument. lolemoticonXCensored	sarc
Private ownership of guns may indeed add to the number of weapons held by criminals, but it is not their major source of weapons. They buy them. The market will never go away. The manufacturers will not cease making them.	If you can't eliminate demand you could try to limit supply and control access to that supply.	notsarc
I do. Buying into banks with tax dollars bolsters cash flow without printing new money. UK just bought 60 plus billion dollars worth of stock in three UK banks. We need to do the same...without assuming control of the banks.But why should I worry? Our saviour Obama will solve all of our problems when he "spreads the wealth around".	Buy stock in the failing banks? What a great investment. Tell me, where does the money come from?	sarc
So far there is no mechanism for an organism to grow wings when it previously had none.	I know this may seem obvious to most people, but it seems to have escaped the notice of creationists. Birds are tetrapods, as are amphibians, reptiles, and mammals. Birds didn't just grow wings. Wings are adaptions of the front limbs that were covered with feathers. Perhaps you are unaware of the evidence that indicates that maniraptors had feathers, probably for thermoregulation. Saying that there is no mechanism for birds to grow wings when they previously had none is like saying that there is no mechanism for mankind to grow arms when he previously had none. You see, mankind's closest relatives are the two species of chimpanzee - they are quadrupeds.	sarc
what's this to do with guns?	This has everything to do with guns,how are these people suppose to protect   themselves?Since the police have been told to just let them go, crime will run   rampant, it will become THE place to go if you feel like duing a little robbery a little burglary,gosh wonder if they gotta let rapo's and killers runaway to.   Only 2000? I lived in George Wa. and the population was less than 2000,it was also just off I-90 and we had plenty of crime from people passing through not   necessarily from people who lived there.	notsarc
Well, it may be evil even though it doesn`t signal the end times. I mean, if we where all to have the same currency there would be some really daunting economic implications when we experience local or regional demand or suply shocks for example.	That's certainly an interesting point. I know next to nothing about global economics, so I won't try to argue here. But I will make a guess that such a thing will never happen as long as we're still a superpower and cling to our beloved dollar. Probably we'll devolve into just four or five major currencies in the next 50 or so years and leave it at that for a long while.But to stay on topic, I'm just wondering why such a thing was brought up as a Sign of The End. Why would it seem evil to someone living back then? It's an oft-quoted religious statistic that always leaves me scratching my head.	notsarc
And just specifically what parts are those?Mr. Bennett seems to think he is above the law, Canadian or otherwise.I quote from Page 3 of my US Passport	It's still not right for religious people to have to never speak their beliefs. It's a form of tyranny.	notsarc
Like I said before I would not celebrate the death of any person...even osama bin laden. There may be evil men out there but to celebrate the death of an evil man is evil as well. It goes along the same lines as doing something evil to achieve good still makes you an evil person.	You would not celebrate Osama being out of the picture? Maybe not throw a party, but a not even a simple "yippee!"? Yeah, right. What a load.	sarc
I personally think that abortion is wrong. I think that a fetus is still a baby. I do think that abortion can be okay but only if the mother's life is in danger, otherwise they should live with it. They should have stayed away from the causes of pregnancy.	Preganancy should not be used as a punitive measure against women who are sexual. What you think is not reflective of the reality of women and their cicumstances that exist in the world. The reasons to abort are numerous and complicated. Some reasons are more valid than others. But you have no way of knowing that for millions of women, only they can really know.And although there are some youngsters in this forum who negate life experience, it is not to be negated. Ther is a lot to be said for "walking in a mile in another's shoes". Be careful about your desire to take the life circumstances of a stranger in your hands. Are you ready to be morally cuplable for the damage you could do?	notsarc
Why don't I have a right to drive? What objective standard are you using to determine what I do and do not have a right to do?	You do not have a right to drive. No one does. Driving is not a right. The state does not owe it to you to give you a license to drive. The activity of driving is a priveldge granted by the state, not a right.Rights are not regulated by government. You have them and no earthly authority can take it away from you. The state never gave me my rights, I already had them, nor do I have to ask for permission to exercise them.	notsarc
the 9/11 commission omits the presence of molten steel from their official report. it took weeks for rescue workers to water-cool the glowing steel beneath the wreckage at ground zero. it was clearly and prominently visible in a thermal image taken by a usgs satellite on september 16--five days later. in the video, one of the workers states that it has been almost 6 weeks after the attacks, and workers are still trying to cool down the steel. the 9/11 commission and supporters of the official story don't try to make the claim that office fires produce molten steel. they just ignore it.	the 9/11 commission omits the presence of molten steel from their official report. the 9/11 commission omitted it because...??? what is this deep dark secret they don't want the american public to know? which, according to you is easily figured out anyway. 'we could blow up a u.s. ship in guantanamo bay... omg. couple of cia guys brainstorming for solutions to a problem and people go nuts. if that's the worst of what they contemplated...i'm not impressed.  i'm sure conspiracies happen all the time but they are so rare as to be insignifigant. my wife and i can't even agree on a restaurant.	notsarc
And what type of objectivist views do you have toward gay issues if I may ask?I'm assuming gay issues may seem irrelevant since they probably don't pertain to you well, cause your not gay....	There are no objective reasons to condemn gays. Marriage is not a matter of state and so it is meaningless to argue whether a state should recognize it.My advocating of perfect liberty allows no contradictions or exceptions, believe me I have lost alot of support from conservatives for this, perhaps even gays if one really applied it to all extremes.	notsarc
no.. go read the bible before you look dumber than you already do. it sounds like you're talking about something you know little about. god didn't want us to be puppets. he wanted us to have free will, to do what we wanted - and if they didn't want to love him, it should be their choice. if sin wasn't created, we would have been god's puppets.	no.. go read the bible before you look dumber than you already do. sorry dear, ad hominems do nothing. it sounds like you're talking about something you know little about. i apologize i sound that way. i certainly know what i am referring to in the bible, and knowing that you have admitted you don't necessarily follow the whole bible (god > bible) i figured i wouldn't assume you believed in genesis adam and eve. but rather give you the option to say yes or no.  god didn't want us to be puppets.  i didn't necessarily say puppets. he wanted us to have free will, to do what we wanted -and if they did love him, it should be their choice. if sin wasn't created, we would have been god's puppets. so god was performing some twisted reverse psychology on adam and eve?	sarc
Yes he is. Correct. Which leaves anyone believing that nonsense in the OP looking rather foolish Best rush out and buy an extra gun or two in case it might be true. ;)	Ah the Pinhead element of the tinfoil hat brigade raises its pointy head.	sarc
At the risk of becoming embroiled in a seemingly heated exchange, I think I might interject with a little history....To answer Smiley's question: “who wrote the constitution?” I would say the answer is found in the preamble to the document: “We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.” (bold emphasis added)	If by "We the People" you mean a handful of self appointed persons with strong financial intrest in the running of the country...   The document is largely a copy of the theories of Montesqieu and John Locke.	sarc
A homophobe according to Websters Dictionary is one who has an intense dislike or fear of homosexuals. If someone is opposed to gay marriage and does not dislike gays or fear them, just not wanting to extend marriage to gays they would not be a homophobe.One can be opposed to gay marriage and not intensely dislike gays or fear them.	Why do you oppose gay marriage? The traditional definition of marriage is as a contract for the purchase of a bride. The wedding is what is sacred. What you are doing is no different than those who opposed marriage betwen people of different races or beliefs as well. You have no valid reason to oppose it either.	notsarc
The potentiality argument is often used against those who do not believe that a fetus is worthy of being called a person, a human, or whatever word you prefer to argue over.	Too much spin there buddy. The potentiality arguement is used by those who believe women have a right to have control over their fertility. As an aside it is also a fundemental tenent in Judaism's view of the unborn- the foetus is a potential life, but has not yet attained that state of being, which occurs at birth.	notsarc
People have raised scientists to undeserved heights. It is clear that scientists can affect their experiments and observations, even in spite of their best efforts.	Right. And that is the reason for peer review. Creationists don't subject their ramblings to peer review. That is why so much care is devoted to the proper construction of experiments to test the hypotheses by real scientists. Creationists just invent ad hoc stories without any experimentation.	notsarc
If we try to weed out the irresponsible ones, the poorer and less fortunate ones will get punished.	How does being poor limit your responsibility to protect yourself? I know a poor woman who has 10 kids just hoping that one day she would find a man that would be willing to help raise the rest. Also, what do you mean by "less fortunate? It never happened but she kept having kid after kid and hoping it would. Should she be excused for her behavior because she is poor? No, she kept going to BARS looking for good men. Bad choices = bad outcome. Do you think that this is proof that abortion is necessary? Nope, abortion IS NOT the answer in cases like this, only responsibility can solve the problem. The bad thing is that only one of the men do anything for the children and he doesn't do enough. She has never filed for child support and the kids are almost never disciplined.	notsarc
Why don't you try to make George Walker Bush feel a little guilt and trauma for destroying the nation of Iraq, for murdering tens of thousands of innocent women and children, for causing the deaths of nearly 3,000 young Americans who left behind mourning mothers, fathers, wives, husbands, in some cases many children who will be left to the mercy of our nation's horrible economy and will probably live in poverty for the rest of their lives.	probably because this is an abortion forum and not a forum about the Iraq War..not only that, there is no parallel.	sarc
yeah, my profile name at the time was guitarguy11. thethinker and i got into some seriously heated debates. i don't know why though, i would of had better luck arguing with a wall.	oh yeah! i remember you man! welcome back. oh, thethinker may be gone but there's a few whack-jobs who have taken his place.	notsarc
such an obvious ad hominem argument and obvious diversionary tactic. being unable to address the substance of my post, you try to dismiss me as a socialist. would you care to explain how my quoting of general washington, the first president of the us, led you to believe that i'm a socialist?	'diversionary tactic'? the topic was 4 july and independence day. out of curiosity, did gw sign the declaration of independence? was he the first president? he didn't lead a bunch of rebels and militia? i never said you were a socialist, that you were educated in socialist schools. the result is evident. you don't have the fortitude to go to nara and read the truth in our history archives yet you snipe around trying to change the subject which is independence day. if it happened once before in can be repeated not only here but in other countries as well...and it is!	notsarc
Sounds like a fact which has been blown out of all proportion - possibly by the pro-gun side attempting to ridicule it. It is a fact, however, that the presence of a gun can increase aggression levels in individuals.See other times I have brought this up, here (to the end of the thread) and here (again, that post till the end of the thread).	Can cause aggression, does not mean that it will though. Alcohol has a far greater record of this but yall are not trying to ban that. So do women but we arent going to ban them now are we, Sorry but I was in a marriage from hell and just had to throw that in.	sarc
wow, you actually butchered this brain teaser stripping it of all of it's purpose. congratulations.	oh yeah, it's a real brain teaser. who would have thought it's possible for someone to have two parents?	sarc
But if you actually take time to read the study that is posted on that website it appears that the claims of the NSPOF are doubtful, inconsistent with other studies, and likely biased in favor of people answering that they had used a gun to defend themselves. http://www.pulpless.com/gunclock/165476.pdf	Yet it is the only source I've seen that counted the incedents in which a gun was used in self-defence, but nobody was injured. I could assume that all of your sources and Ians only count occasions where one was injured. According to the source, they'd 91.7% of all times where a gun was used in self-defence.	notsarc
And i dont really believe in god because he has shown us NO compelling evidence of his existance.	The meticulously preserved, unchanging 66 Books of the Bible aren't compelling?	notsarc
Do you believe that you will hear an understanding of God that you've not heard before, or are you of the belief you are open-minded on the subject, and might well have an epiphany?	What possible concern is any of that to you?    Some actually search for knowledge through debate. This is a debate forum if you recall. Don't play if you're not so inclined but to post warnings not to fall in this trap, c'mon.	notsarc
You never answered this DHARD. Or is that just your style, to avoid any questions that might make you think, keep twisting everyones words around, calling them gun haters and racists, and making yourself sound like a total XXX?	Gun hater pilot's gun control laws failed the law abiding citizens at columbine!Who should be held accountable for this failure? Well, since the government passed the gun control laws that gun hater pilot wanted the government should be held responsible. That means the tax payer will pay for gun haters pilot gun free bs!Gun hater pilot wants to disarm the law abiding citizens so criminals like the ones at columbine can freely walk around and kill their victims!Gun hater pilot wants to disarm the law abiding citizens so criminals like the ones on 9/11 that used box cutters to take over airplanes crowed with people!	notsarc
very poor reasoning.  the publics way too busy with important issues such gaining weight at fast food joints and spreading christian hypocrisy.	Public policy? Takes waaaay too much thought. Now one can go to ballpark here and pay $8.50 for a half pound hot dog, smothered in thick layers of chili, cheese and grilled onions (2,200 calories, 55 grams of saturated fat, 1,600 milligrams of sodium). That's a no-brainer (literally).  Dono	sarc
And yet you spiritually challenged turkeys still can't provide proof that there is no resurrected Krishna.	Proof for a non-event? What century did your purported non-event supposedly occur, Einstein?	sarc
and al shots in the ten range. And in response to Zachvac i mean guns not arms (as in nukes) but im fine with automatics and such in the right hands.	That wasn't my question. My question wasn't what you said, but what you believed. You sort of answered that. But the same people spouting off about the second ammendment being the reason for guns should also be for it defending your right to a nuclear bomb.	notsarc
i'd say a restraint fiscally would naturally cause better foreign relations. hard to make people happy when you attack other countries causing you to spend well into debt thus lowering your economy and bringing other economies with it. and another thing, if i hear just a few more 'i'm more like reagan than you are' then i might have to buy a new tv and explain to the police why my old one is blown to bits in the neighbors yard :)	i just don't see that being a huge factor. it might help some, but if my goal was to improve foreign relations reigning in spending would not be the first approach i would take. can you expand on your reasoning? the start of that chain is belligerence, not out of control spending. seems to me that if you want to control spending you should work on foreign relations. that way you get into fewer wars, and when you must fight you have others helping and sharing the cost.	notsarc
Or perhaps you meant things like inheritance rights, SS survivors benefits, hospital visitation, immigration status, adoption, housing, employment, etc., etc., etc............................................... ............. I guess those are all "straight things" too?	No, everyone should have those regardless of marriage. You're the one here who seems to think straight and gay marriage should be a litmus test for those things.	notsarc
Isaac Newton sought out the hand of God, through science. He is a prime example of what I mean.	Do you mean someone who was wrong? I asked you before to give an example of where Newton found empirical evidence of God. You failed to do so. I suspect that you can't.	notsarc
Gee! Is that all it takes? You mean I could commit fraud, become a child molester, kill a few people, rob a few banks and still be treated as normal as long as I support the ban?emoticonXRolleyesI think you need to go back to the drawing board and come up with a new plan.	You'd have to drown a few puppies too. Kittens might do, but you might fall a little short.	sarc
Good way to prove exactly what I am talking about christianists and these dominionists in particular want to oppress gay people.	Poor little poopie.   If your gay sex agenda wasn't of the devil himself you might be better received in the world.	sarc
If you are trying to hurt my feelings you are gonna have to do something besides insult democrats.	Just trying to bring some consistency to the debate. You love it when Democrats pander but not when Republicans do it. Why am I not surprised? ;)	sarc
i guess you're reading it wrong, then. back then, marriage was a commitment to one another and did not have legal meanings. that's just it. if you want to go by the original definition of marriage, like so many anti-gay people talk about, no one who gets a marriage should get legal benefits. however, they would never be willing to give this up, so by denying gays the right of those same benefits for the same commitment, it is just pure and unadulterated bigotry. by the way, look at post #9 to see what i think of the whole civil union movement.	so was dominating and enslaving of women. doesn't mean we should do it just because it has historicity.  actually i've heard this idea by numerous people, on both sides of the issue. i can see the merits myself--give couples' benefits in a way that doesn't utilize a cultural and religious institution that has nothing to do with legality to begin with. that way at least cultural marriage doesn't have to be redefined to any extent and legal benefits would no longer be any sort of reflection of any one group's cultural and ideological views.  by the way, what do you mean by 'anti-gay' in your phrase 'anti-gay people'? that's always important to nail down.	sarc
That does not mean, however, that we should refrain out of politeness from making statements of established scientific fact just because a listener might have been exposed to contradictory religious beliefs. It is not the job of science to fix or accommodate the inaccuracies of religion. Within science classrooms, science is and should remain pre-eminent, so that people can make informed decisions.	But it should be the job of science to establish a clear line between just where established fact stops and philosophy starts. There's no indication that they're getting it done.	notsarc
loaded question if i ever saw one. gay dreams are pretty common among men, but it doesn't make them gay. as for a straight guy in gay porn, while he should probably invest in a better career, i don't think that alone qualifies him to be gay. he could even be bi for all we know.	gay dreams are pretty common among men, but it doesn't make them gay erm.. you've had dreams about having sex with men? i think you're kidding yourself if you think that's normal for a straight guy.	notsarc
you're wrong about evolution--it's been observed. it's real, and if you don't realize that, your head is in the sand. you deal with it.	what about evolution has been observed?  i think it has been more theorized (if thats a word) then anything else. creating theories for theories and so on.	notsarc
Do you believe in evolution? I mean i understand if you do but I would like to make some points about it.....there are also some points procing creation.	Oh gosh , a whole bunch of cut/pastes from a 14 year old that is showing off their lack of knowledge. These are not unknown situations, and are very easily explained.	sarc
let's look at black's law dictionary shall we. intent: 'design, resolve, or determination with which a person acts' meaning: 'that which is intended to be, signified or denoted by act or language' see, you silly goose, they are one and the same. now go away and not bother us with artificial distinctions.	Dear Hypocrite,  Do you wish to be a competent poster and actually respond to questions and requests? If so, please answer my request (on the other thread) and I will be happy to answer your questions.	sarc
if this is directed at me, you are far off base. if jim ws born during wwii, he is old enough to be my father, and yes, his generation pretty much scrapped this country with their idiotic fiscal policies and moronic foreign policy. what we should probably do to set things right is put them all on an island, and let the terrorists go to town on it. we will not have lost much and the country will be a better/stronger place without them.	What part did your real daddy play in it? Will he be on the island, too?  This is a good example of a scant level of maturity. Your simple out for various arguments is to play the idiot/XXXXX card.  More and more each day I see you as a complete waste of oxygen.	sarc
Eugene Volokh • July 29, 2010 11:48 pm  Friday, the Michigan Supreme Court handed down an interesting case — People v. Dupree on this. The case is not novel, and my sense is that the defense is generally recognized: Just as what would otherwise be the crime of murder, attempted murder, battery, and the like might be justified if done in defense against an imminent threat, so a felon’s taking possession of a gun is justified if done in defense against an imminent threat. (The defense does not apply to a felon’s arming himself against a possible threat of attack at some indefinite future time.) Still, the case struck me as an interesting illustration. Thanks to Jason C. Miller for the pointer.	Did you slip in it AGAIN? Were you led astray by a passage from Heller you thought you could use to legitimize gun control, your wet dream?I submit from many past rulings of the courts that little statement is in error.	sarc
Oh really? I had the impresion that the death penalty was the worst we had to offer. Can you inform we what is the ultimate penalty then?	Being put in a cell with Howard Dean for life? emoticonXCry	sarc
John 7:24"Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment"	Once again, you have attempted to use the Bible to further your agenda and have been found lacking. emoticonXRolleyes	sarc
For obvious reasons we Christians have always been adamant supporters of civil liberties when it comes to freedom of religion. We have even managed to be consistent in this principle by not opposing the rights of Buddhists, New Agers, or even Satanists to meet, because we realize that to do so would equally undercut our own right to assemble. Perhaps the thought of undermining religious freedom sends through our minds flashes of those days when the Emperor Nero used to ignite Christians as human torches to light the streets of Rome at night. The persecutions against the early church have ingrained into our Christian consciousness the incredible value of living under a government that protects the interests of religion.But in the case of civil same-sex marriage, instead of recognizing the civil rights issue at stake here, we oppose the idea, quoting Bible verses and appealing to morals, nature, tradition, history, and the fear that Western civilization as we know it will come crashing to the ground. All of these arguments are related, of course. They are an appeal to that part of American society in which Judeo-Christian values are still deeply rooted. For even in America at the dawning of the 21st century, many people's understanding of morality and nature still reflect the vestiges of the Western Christendom of our heritage, as do their ideas of tradition, history and an ideal society.We do not, however, argue against civil same-sex marriage in the spirit of calm persuasion. There is desperation in our tone. There is also a great deal of fear and mean-spiritedness in our rhetoric, to the point where we even accuse homosexuals (without much proof, I might add) of being child molesters and sexual predators, and of seeking to corrupt our youth by recruiting them into their "lifestyle."There are probably many people who think they are justified in having such fears, but it seems to me it is more than just paranoia that feeds our frenzy. We feel deeply threatened, for we sense that we are losing the battle. Not simply the battle against homosexuals, but the battle to hang on to what we still think of as "Christian America."At one time in this country we could count on quoting a verse from Genesis or Leviticus before Congress or the Supreme Court and that would be the end of the debate. No more. The consensus of common biblical values on which we had once depended is giving way to the pluralism of a postmodern society. And seeing the disastrous handwriting on the wall, we have become politically desperate, and so we lunge at the enemies of Christendom with a ferocity that rivals that of even the most radical gay activists.	The other articles on her website are also well worth reading: Musings on Christianity, Homosexuality & the Bible	notsarc
How is this any different from retail professionals demanding the government enforce single payer retail? And should it be surprising that members of any industry would want the government to directly finance it?Hell America already has single payer automobile construction, why stop there?What form and style should the fascist state take, is that the question?More and more America resembles a pit of rats, slowly filling with water, all trying to escape by climbing on top of one another. Doctor Rats should be allowed to the top of the rat-pile for the moment right, until the teachers, garbage rats, police or fire rats want their shot at glory. The only ones we don't need to worry about are the ones capable of fixing the leak, they're already dead.	Even Joe the plumber abandoned the garbage scow? Say it aint so!	sarc
In the vanishingly small likelihood of the event ever coming down down to it, your handgun is not going to face them down or give them a moment's pause on any measure. They would squash you like a bug, and barely notice.	That's why the Second Amendment protects the private ownership of arms like the .50 BMG and other such powerful weapons.	notsarc
You liked to David Icke - the guy who beleives that Giant Lizards are secretly running the world today...you need to take this with a pinch of salt.Anyway, I honestly don't really see a problem with salvaging things from the dead that are going to benefit the rest of mankind. It sounds icky, and is to a degree but seems better than feeding them to maggots or just burning them.Fair enough if you want have it as an option like Organ Donors but seems the same thing really to me, especially as there are babies that die because they need immediate organ or tissue donors after being born.Its the allegations of babies being killed to fund this I doubt, seems to be an attempt to sensationalise a piece of news. I stand by the original point that there isn't really a medical use for fetus skin as was claimed, some of the organs might be of more use but thats about it.	It may only be salvaging to you but to the parents involved it is body theft.Let me just ask you to step in our shoes for just 10 minutes imagine trawling around 100's of hospital labs and medical schools seeing all these poor little babies lined up in jars and i don't mean just a few there is up to 50 in each hospital and school imagine looking at those jars hoping that one of them is your child so you can at lastgive him the burial he/she deserves(a basic human right) yet at the same time praying that none of them are yours.Having done that can you still say that it is only salvage bearing in mind our children were only sent for post mortem and many of us have not seen them since?	notsarc
Anyone who can quote the Uncommondescent blog as if it were serious science obviously is clueless about evolution. As are the Uncommondescent bloggers. They wear their bibliolatry on their sleeves.	the blog is just the link for the article....geez, get a grip.	notsarc
eric cartman has always had me since day one. love that fat, spoiled, ignorant 8-year-old.	yeah cartman is definately the best, i love how how epicly his evil is portrayed as e.g. scott tenorman must die	notsarc
See how the fair application of literalism works ?	No. you're not making any sense. Where is symbiote? I got a horrible argument for him to dispell.	notsarc
hasn't everyday since christ been latter days, thousands of days and he hasn't returned as promised. in the bible his return was right around the corner.....how many years has it been. when will you realize he isn't coming back for you!	how about when it dawns on you who he was when he came the first time? lol! trade in your blinders for some spiritual light!	sarc
You have just proven my point MWLA, from your first link, 2nd paragraph at top of page.	Oh, look, removing a quote from its context. How about your address my textbook definition next?	sarc
If anyone thinks liberals are overly intelligent compared to conservatives just look at California and New York, and that elitist turkey in the White House, who's bankrupting the country.There are undoubtedly many intelligent liberals, but the ones I've seen are a full quart low on Godly wisdom. Intelligence and Godly wisdom are not the same thing.	Your definition of "Godly wisdom" is agreeing with your political positions and your spurious theological justifications for them, so it's hardly surprising you don't encounter any liberals who you think have "Godly wisdom"	sarc
holly crap! you scored big time! btw, which costco do you go to ;)	...i usually go to the one on morena. and heres why i'm telling you: it's a big ass world out there and you don't know what i look like. also, it's a fantastic costco and i'm proud to shop there.	notsarc
yes..i wrote it for a class-philosphy. i got a 'b' for the paper and an 'a' for the class.	@ raastee: i've glanced through your paper: i'm surprised you were allowed to get away with the sentence, 'irrationalism is a fallacy to be avoided'. irrationalism is not a fallacy: a fallacy is an apparently genuine but really an illogical argument. irrationalism, outside number theory, is merely a discourse or statement inconsistent with the use of reason.	notsarc
And did you have to do this before being allowed to marry? Cause frankly I fail to see the benefit of your marriage to me or anyone else outside of your family at all.	Society highly values the creation of future taxpayers, especially under deficit-spending socialist presidents. :p	sarc
I'm a scientist by profession. I try to deal in facts. I've yet to see any that prove gayness is hereditary, predisposed or anything other than an unconscious/conscious choice.	You assume homosexuality is a "choice", with no evidence substantiating that position, until you have been shown evidence that it is genetic???And you claim to be a "scientist by profession"???LOLOLOLOL!While you're at it, maybe you can explain to us what a "unconscious choice" is...	sarc
your not commenting. your trying to convince people, you and your point of view is right. your trying to convince people here in the usa to follow your ideas.  is your father an aussie citizen? if he is, then he is no longer a us citizen. no need to answer, just a thought. i am sure your are not a us citizen. so your argument to convince people really does not matter does it? your attempts to convince people you are right and influence our policies sickens me. please take you imperialistic attitudes somewhere else.	oh dear, and your argument against me is not based on what i've said, but what kind of person you perceive me to be. ouch!	sarc
Perhaps the answer to the prayer was to go to the doctor and these parents didn't listen.	Then God should have used someone they trusted and respected to deliver that message. emoticonXRolleyes	sarc
To add to the obvious costs of pregnancy, there is also the loss of pay as I would not be able to work (I'm a geologist - this involves quite a bit of strenuous outdoors work), which would even further affect us.	If putting the child up for adoption, this can be covered too. However, you havingto take time out per doctors instructions is something you might not desire as it could affect career opprotunities in certain lines of work.	notsarc
Michigan Attorney General Mike Cox today threw his support behind the National Rifle Association's challenge of a City of Chicago ordinance banning possession of most handguns by filing a brief with the U.S. Supreme Court.Cox's amicus brief -- a document filed in court by someone not directly related to a case -- supports the request by the NRA to the Supreme Court for an appeal of the U.S. Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals' decision in June favoring the City of Chicago.At least 33 other states support the NRA's request for the court to hear an appeal in National Rifle Association v. City of Chicago.	Say hello to my little friend! We the people, through our State Governments!	sarc
The Truth: Heston took his NRA show to Denver and did and said exactly what we recounted <movie.php?mov=heston>. From the end of my narration setting up Heston's speech in Denver, with my words, "a big pro-gun rally," every word out of Charlton Heston's mouth was uttered right there in Denver, just 10 days after the Columbine tragedy. But don't take my word – read the transcript of his whole speech <heston.php>. Heston devotes the entire speech to challenging the Denver mayor and mocking the mayor's pleas that the NRA "don't come here." Far from deliberately editing the film to make Heston look worse, I chose to leave most of this out and not make Heston look as evil as he actually was. .	YOU LIAR.You are distorting the truth the same way Moore did. The truth is the NRA event was planned 1 year before the killings in Littleton. The truth is the NRA rally was canceled excpet for the officers meetings which is required by LAW to NOT BE CANCELED. HESTON said "FROM MY COLD DEAD HANDS" in North Carolina 1 year later.And what transcript are you talking about? The transcript is posted above. What big pro-gun rally are you talking about in Denver. Do you mean the one that NEVER happened?	notsarc
I am no pacifist.	Sorry did I say pacifist?I meant yellow bellied pacifist.However if its any consolation, I meant anti's in general not just you Sinj.sorry if it sounded that way.	sarc
Americans as a whole don't say soccer sucks; we just don't give a rat's XXX about it.	the same way most people on planet earth dont give a XXXX about american "football"	sarc
Bush's first act as President was to hop in bed with Ted Kennedy and pass the NCLB Law. Then he attempted to appease the AARP by passing a $Trillion prescription Plan for whiteheads. If that isn't appeasing liberals and moderates, what is? emoticonXRolleyes	So what's your point, Bush is as Liberal as the most Liberal Senator in Congress?	sarc
A more logical explanation is that there may have been racist gun laws during a certain time period but gun control isn't inherently racist.	Gun control maintains its racist roots even in this day and age. What other reason would there be for Form 4473 to ask applicants what their race is? What is the importance of knowing if somebody's white, black or mexican when they're buying a gun?	notsarc
Yeah, there are those who scream that self-defence is not a valid reason for gun ownership. There were no valid reasons until the libs thought them up, but I'll set that aside for now. The question here is wether or not you think hunting is a valid reason for gun ownership. I don't forsee any stats posted, as this thread has nothing to do with crime. So this is a chance for you to work on debating skills.	I think the only valid reason for owning a gun is because you want to. Every person (with some exceptions) has the right to keep and bear arms, why you do it is your own business. Giving specific reasons for gun ownership is the top of a slippery slope towards banning certain firearms.   While I have specific reasons for owning specific guns, to include hunting, I own some of my guns for no other reason than they are fun to shoot.   A humorus side note: I own one gun strictly for fishing, sounds odd but its common practice (at least in Alaska) to shoot large Halibut before bringing them aboard.	notsarc
i'm incredibly surprised you haven't got it now, especially as you put your stance as 'libertarian'. i am not a libertarian because i want to legalize drugs and prostitution or remove the age limit on alcohol and cigarettes. if the definition of libertarian has became that, the world is seriously screwed up. i am a libertarian because in my country, the taxes are above abnormal. 50-65% for an average salary, and up to 80% for a ''millionaire'' basically no one can be rich in my country. every time i get my salary, i am looking really forward to it. i work hard for my money, but it is tearing me down mentally, that half my money is taken away to pay for some alcoholic who is to drunk to get his money himself. it is killing the working spirit in me, and several others. that's why i am a libertarian.	libertarianism emphasises freedom of the individual, and limited government. a stereotypical libertarian view would be for the legalisation of prostitution. that's why i am surprised.	notsarc
The whole point is that you can't use this warped version of the Razor for hypothesis testing. In the example, impetus was a hypothesis for a cause for movement. Ockham eliminated the hypothesis as a description of the phenonmenon.	And if there are two competing hypotheses that are actually hard to choose between? As they get closer, it becomes less possible to choose by instinct or testing. A principle comes in handy.	notsarc
ask anastasia about angelina. she spent time retouching nude photos of her. for work of course, not for my birthday present.	oh hun i am sorry, i'll get right on that :) but yes i retouched her scars, she's a cutter for sure...	sarc
he couldn't be expected to know that, since the american method of teaching geography is war, and they haven't invaded them yet. emoticonxkill	i'm surprised he didn't google it. maybe that's too logical?	sarc
Hmm ... a sheriff who actually enforces the law? Imagine. What I don't understand is why Democrats don't love this guy, given that regulation is such a big deal to them. It just goes to show double-standards.And Arizona, with it's REAL governor who stands up to the feds, is a state many others only WISH they could be.	Jyoshu, stop drinking the Kool-Aid before your brain is totally fried.	sarc
To refute your examples of contemorary 'Christians' deciding that violence is a good thing.See, you grasp at what you like WITHOUT resorting to your own bible to support your fleshly desires. Just like Arch does.I counter that and use the scripture (which is good for the education in all things) to show what these 'believers' should have done.Now, if you want to actually study your bible and use contradictorary verses to support your stance, feel free.That'd just support the concept that the bible is self-contradicting.	You resort to the Bible, just in whatever way is convenient to what you want it to say. Just like fundies do. Zardoz, the problem is that when you play devil's advocate (which you like to do), you ONLY take a fundie approach toward the scriptures. In fact, you're often more fundamentalist in the way you approach scripture than fundamentalists. You'd make a good fundie, the best of them, I suppose.	sarc
In my veiw, no law can make any country crime free. The only way to make a country crime free is to get rid of laws, which would just be ridiculous. If somebody wants to do something bad enough, no law can stop them from doing it. As long as there are laws, there will be crime.	How right you are to,and given the forum here, make it a crime to own to own a gun,well I think most of us are automatically criminals.It's like the signs you see...SHOPLIFTERS WILL BE PROSECUTED!lot a good they do.emoticonXBanghead,yeah know matter how illegal their will be crime.	notsarc
yeah, i agree with everyone else who has seen the new batmans. they both literally blew my mind. that is what a comic book adaption is supposed to be, not that silly bs from the old movies. here's the order. 1. new batman movies 2. x-men 3. ironman 4. the first spiderman movie only!!!! 5. superman and honestly, i debate whether to even include superman. below the 5th listed all the superhero movies are dead to me. screw them. and after the first spiderman movie they turned into cheesy suck fests. i watched that scene with the stupid cart on that wire. ugh, i swore to never watch another spiderman movie again, didn't even see the end. absolutely terrible.	okay, i guess i'll have to watch the new batman movies soon. what did you think of the opening scene to x2? with nightcrawler trying to assassinate the president? one of my favorite scenes from any movie. yeah, each spider-man movie was worse. last i heard, they are planning a complete reboot without tobey or raimi.	notsarc
And the thing is, Darwinists have long known about horizontal gene transfer – decades even. But see science is not interested in promoting it because it's not friendly towards their mechanistic, materialist theory.	And yet there are plenty of websites written by scientists with the details:	notsarc
Stop moving the goal posts. My point was that the Supreme Court has been wrong before so assuming that the Supreme Court is always correct about an issue is unjustified.	I'm not moving the goal posts, this is just your attempt at intellectual dishonesty. Heller was about an individual right protected in the Constitution, Dred Scott wasn't. Therefore these two cases aren't comparable anymore than cotton candy and scrap metal.	notsarc
Wells also shows how most of the other "evidence" for evolution -- including textbook "icons" such as Peppered Moths, Darwin's Finches, Haeckel's Embryos, and the Tree of Life -- has been exaggerated, distorted . . . or even faked.	Yes yes, this was all covered in Wells' previous book, Icons of Evolution. It has been refuted numerous times (some even on this forum). See here for a thorough debunking.	notsarc
But the creationists continue to attempt to impose their religion on others as science by the latest "Intelligent Design" movement. The ID movement is nothing more than creationism that attempts to avoid a mention of God. Once ID theory (which isn't theory since it is not based on evidence and testing) is allowed into the schools, then the next step will be to introduce the fundamentalist Christian god as the designer.	Oh what a shame! Especially if it's true! Where did you get the idea that ID theory is not based on evidence and/or testing?	sarc
My dear Archangel, I wasn't aware that I was required, when I visit these forums (especially when I'm low on time like I was then, and only posted to something that caught my eye and then got off the internet), to check each and every thread to see if you graced it with your presence and to respond to that instantly.A Thousand Apologies, My Lord. emoticonXDonnoemoticonXDonno	I noticed that you do reply to mine. Perhaps you should reconsider since you're getting your ar$e handed to you with every reply I write. ;)	sarc
Hey! Let's murder hanicapped people! Their health will deteriorate and probably will die in pain later on, so let's just rip of their limbs without them knowing! Eh? Sounds good?	Like most things theists that statement is based on ignorance.	notsarc
Evolutionism on the other hand uses all of our current technology in microbiology to sort out 'real dna' from 'junk dna'.	You're a little confused about that. It's all real DNA. Some of it just doesn't code for anything. But some parts of non-coding DNA (which you call "junk") has other functions besides coding for proteins.	notsarc
Where'd you get the idea that Vitter was a Fundamental Christian? He's a Roman Catholic, just like Ted Kennedy. Does that make Ted a fundie, too?emoticonXConfused	No Ted Kennedy is not a fundie but Vitter is. For God sake the pope is a nazi and a fundie.Marlene Elwell, the nazi *itch, who put the evil mariage amendment on the michigan ballot is a Roman Catholic also. If you are a christian and you believe in the suppression of homosexuality then you are a fundie and a christianist.	notsarc
if there was no god explain how we are here there has to be some sort of god out there its kind of obvious...	agreed. god does exist in some form, whether you want to call god a supreme being or whatever, there is a greater power out there thats beyond our comprehension. in the meantime lets all just get along	notsarc
What are you suggesting? Speak plainly please. Insults by implication are cowardly.	Seriously, in part is Waxy saying, I was here first? (It's my forum, I'll whine if I want to.)	sarc
No need to change the verbage:"...individuals with variations that are fortuitously best suited to changing local environments."Like folks who migrated to northern latitudes and happened to have lighter skin(variation) were healthier and therefore produced more and healthier offspring. Over generations the lighter skinned came to dominate the group while becomming lighter still. Why is that so difficult? No one is saying the darker skinned folks never reproduced. They just weren't as successful in the long run.	Hang on....think about it.......if there is a large group of people who live in the south, and this large group of people moved to the north, WHY -- being from the south -- would there be anyone in the population that had light skin? Look at Iraq -- all those people have the same exact skin color. Same with Kenya. Same with Japan. Same with Russia. Thus, if any of those groups of people were to migrate, they'd all be in the same boat! There would be NO measurable variation of skin color. Your premise is faulty -- as is the whole premise of Toe.	notsarc
Next thing you know, we will be labeled "domestic terrorists"...heavy sigh emoticonXDonno	I believe Alan Keyes already have used that term on us.   (Alan Keyes, the ultra-concervative Republican Candidate for the Illinois Senate seat - in opposition to Barack Obama. The Maryland resident the Republican party had to recruit because they couldn't find anyone else in their right mind who would go against Barack. Also the very same Maryland resident/Television talkshow host who beratted Hilary Clinton for moving to NY and expecting to be able to "represent" NY'ers. Yeah, look who's the hypocrit now.)	sarc
no, not really. i have no idea what you're talking about. but again, how does that cause bullying? t-shirt's don't reach out and shove people or cause them harm. people should not bully no matter what they see on someone's t-shirt.	are you telling me you cannot figure out how creating a gay-hostile atmosphere causes and condones anti-gay bullying? forsooth! butter wouldn't melt in your mouth, would it.	sarc
Yes it can, because they can/do own firearms besides those issued by the government. Plus, once they are retired from the military, they get to keep their rifles or pistols. Every round of the military's ammo is acounted for, because they don't want them waisting their money... They can shoot as much of their private stock as they want. Also, they have very stringent guidelines on cleaning your weapons. :)	Hey that would be great. The law would FORCE all anti-gunners of military service age and ability to own a fully automatic rifle. The law would FORCE all anti-gunners to train with the weapon. The law would FORCE VOR to keep his rifle clean. Hey VOR how about it? Keep your rifle clean or go to jail. I'm not talking about my rifle, I'll be glad to keep my free government rifle clean. How about you?	sarc
And all having a real, verifiable negative impact on society, which cannot be said about gay marriage. Can we tone down the drama a little bit?	For years I've tried to get one of our resident gay members to debate me on that fact. To date, no takers. Want to step up?	notsarc
Who's to say that anyone Bush might appoint wouldn't strike down a constitutional amendment that bans gay marriage? The justices are not to be the puppets of the legislature or the president. Don't forget Richard Nixon's appointment of Harry Blackmun.	Because the judges President Bush nominates are strict constructionist.They interpret the law not make it...........That is the worse nightmare for a liberal or a gay who depend on judges to over rule the vote of the people............They can't win at the ballot box so they think they can win in the courts....It won't happen.get use to it................	notsarc
although it must be noted that some percentage of the weapons that were not traceable could well have come from north of the border as well. then there's the weapons we were not asked to trace. do we know where those came from? in truth, the actual percentage of weapons in the hands of gangs and cartels that originate in the u.s. will likely never be known. how many u.s. prosecutions will result from even the 17%?  will that be dealers or 'straw purchasers'?	now lets add one more wrench into the anti-gun works! when the american people read, 90% of weapons come from the u.s. they are led to think, bought in an american gun store.  something even sinjin apparently believes as well. however, doing some research, i found this april 19, 2005 report that tells how u.s. weapons can end up in mexico and be things that the citizen cannot buy in a gun store. why? because they came from the u.s. government, dea and the cia. military grade weapons. now how many can be traced back to legally purchased u.s. weapons?    central america: the farc, the contras and the flow of weapons  america! get the picture now?	notsarc
I don't believe in any gods, but thankyou for assuming anyone who disagrees with your ridiculous assertions about proving gods non-existance must be a theist.Just like creationists assume anyone who disagrees with creationism must be an atheist.You're just as bad as them, and your arguments, if you could call them that, just as short on substance.	So why are you here? Do you have anything to offer of any substance?	notsarc
I would like to see more conclusive data on the subject but most importantly a REAL plausible solution. I'm not an expert but it does appear most scientists feel global warming is partly man-made. I do get a little sketched out when I see scientists are trying to restrict research for those that go against the theory. They may have strong arguments but that kinda BS really blows your credibility.	I see, when you say "I'm not an expert" do you mean you aren't a climate scientist or do you mean you don't have the scientific knowledge to discuss this?	notsarc
My father never lied and if he were still alive, he'd smash your face in.	Careful now, Simone. A lesser man might report you to the moderator.;)	sarc
mercy and killing should never be put together.there is no such thing as having so much compassion that justifies you putting a toddler to death. Dont people realize that children are gifts and not something that should be taken so lightly as to steep so low in stopping a beating heart all for the sake of selfishness and convenience for one's self.. There is absolutely no thought whatsoever in the baby, its all about "how can i live easier without this problem?".there is no such thing as compassionate killing. What it really means is "killing in the name of mercy for my comfort".people need to start realizing that the world doesnt revolve around them and that life itself is a gift TO ALL! EVEN THOSE LITTLE ONES THAT PEOPLE RIGHT NOW THINK DONT HAVE ANY RIGHT TO LIVE. look in the mirror!	My life was a gift from my parents, no more, no less. When i look in the mirror, i do not see an embryo. If someone gives you something, they have every right to take it away if they feel you are not suited to handle it, or if they had second thoughts. I would think this was ok if the baby was stopped in an earlier stage, but once its in its third trimester, you have no right to kill it.	notsarc
If your body split and grew another body identical to you, then where was this other human all the time you were alive? And would you stay in the same body or move into the other body while this other being inhabited the original body? Are we in the twili	Here's a question; which one split from the other? Which one is the "new" being? None of them are. If I get a cake and slice into two exact pieces, which one is the "new" slice? They are both equally new.	notsarc
No, your idea about science is a philiosophy of science. Sure, it's got a lot of believers, but historically it is not the only vision of science people have believed in.There is metaphysical evidence. The Apostles saw Jesus walk on water. There was no 'measure' by your version of science, but what they saw remains true.	People have entertained and will always continue to entertain beliefs in all manner of propositions. Many people once believed that the earth is flat:perhaps some still do. But this has nothing to do with scientific truth.There is no "version" of science that one chooses from a menu of possibilities.By definition, scientific enquiry arrives at hypotheses after gathering evidence from observations and experiment. Any law, knowledge, etc. thatis arrived at by scientific method is open to modification or falsification if new evidence comes to light that must be taken into account. All science in this sense is provisional.The apostles may have believed that Jesus walked on water: that does NOTmake it true.	notsarc
I believed and hoped in the possibility.It was Jesus, the living son of God.. he had feet, hands, legs - he had a body yes.I never looked at his face, but i knew who it was - for one thing nobody walks around in robes anywhere near where I live. I could also see the marks on his feet when I got up close... My friends who were with me did not see him, but I am not suprised they were engrossed in their conversation, I left their side and they did not realise I had left.	So your claim that no pre-existing belief is necessary is untested by you. Do you have an example of an actual non-believer having a religious experience that made a believer of them? In my experience God never appears to atheists. Funny that.	sarc
Go do your own homework. I'm not busting my butt for a certified Christ-denier who never admits anything when information is provided. Figure it all out yourself.	I already have, hence the explanation I provided. If you challenge me to show you an error then I will. Did you expect me to try and show something that was true and see if I could convince you it wasn't? When you post your evidence it usually has holes in it, not always but the truth is funny that way. It is very difficult sometimes to cover it up.And stay away from those shrimp, eagles, gays and snowmenThey are all abominations.	sarc
watch it. Now you're using my lines. Poet has always been an easy target, I will agree. ;)	More chattering from the peanut gallery? Haven't gotten the memo, you're no longer a player? Honestly....clamoring for attention is so low budget. No shame.	sarc
[Brain size is relevant compared to the rest of the body - its the proportions that matter. If you're small then you can have a smaller brain,this contradicts evolutionists' position. They have long measure brain size and correlated it with intelligence. Take homo erectus, for example. Evolutionists have long said homo erectus was some sort of sub-human because of the size of his brain. It doesn't matter that Turkana boy was short at about 5'5 and 10-13 years old -- and that his head size did not look proportionally small -- today's scientists don't care about any of that. They just measure his skull.	And compare that to an equivalent sized human - if you compared the skill to a 10-13 year old boy, the erectus skeleton's cranial capacity would be significantly smaller. Doesn't contradict in the slightest other than the bizarre positions you decide other people should hold.	notsarc
What you mean is that we should pretend that creationism has some sort of legitimate basis in reality? The definitions were accurate. It would be different if someone could actually offer a scientific theory of creation. How about some evidence to support the "theory."By the way, I'm still waiting for you to tell us about how the definition of evolution has changed. What you really meant was the creationists had invented bogus definitions so that they could lump all of science under "evolution," wasn't it?	wow... you are bent on harping on creationists arguments at whatever the cost.first of all, you are not even considering that the majority of people are misinformed of what evolution is not because they have creationist motives, but because they go to the dictionary for definitions	notsarc
no matter what science is out there, even if it spelled out completely that sexuality is genetic. some peoples prejudices will prevail on them. in other words they will never believe it anyway!	what if it's got nothing to with bigotry? what if, like religion, it takes absolute proof in order to be believed? i think that's what it's going to take. don't you?	notsarc
Its pet peeve of mine, people saying England=UK.  Just a word of advice I wouldn't walk up to a Scotsman and call him English, he might take your head off your shoulders. :)  On the issue of Chomsky, are you saying his writings on American make him as bad as the terrorist who kill and maim People ?	I don't understand this business of the UK and England at all. It seems to me that somebody has a chip on their shoulder. Who cares? Chomsky is not as bad as the terrorists. That's an obvious fact. What is equally obvious is that he provides aid and comfort to the enemy and that's the definition of a traitor.	notsarc
Libertarians are social liberals and economic conservatives. They want decreased regulations on society (legalize drugs, gay marriage, etc.)...	And here is the crux of the matter where I think Libertarians are missing it: As one Founding Father said, "There can be no liberty without virtue." Someone else once said, "Intemperate men can never be free because their passions give rise to their bindings".   If the God of the Bible is right, a nation which legalizes sin and intemperance loses the favor of God. And when the sins of a nation reach their fullness (in God's eyes), that disfavor can turn to judgment (Genesis 15:16, Deuteronomy Chapter 28 - "The blessings of obedience and curses of disobedience). Therefore, while many of the Libertarians mean well on liberal social issues, they nevertheless either don't see the big picture, or they don't believe it will occur.	sarc
that is a classic post from easyrider! one of his more assinine attempts at intelligent design.	orion's follies: some other goodies from that site... never linked to those specific articles.  but before orion gets too self-righteous, let's look at some ot the topics he considered 'funny' in a link he gave over at the usat creation / evolution forum: christian crimes - pastor molests widow's boys - pastor molests adopted daughters - priest molests altar boys - late for church - christian racist kidnapper - music pastor molests - bush's faith-based failure - pastor molest, guns, drugs - $400,000 missing - priest molests - church youth coach molests - bush suppresses student prayer - sen byrd's 'white ('n' word)'  is this funny? it's apparently real funny to orion. his link also had a pornographic sub-link on the virgin mary, describing her in graphic, profane language.  orion - christ-deniers like you and brummer need a lot of help.	sarc
Well then, why the bloody hell would we trust your carnal mind to tell us about the things of God, or in fact why would we trust the carnal minds of the writers of the Bible to tell us about the things of God.	You wouldn't. More likely you'll pursue your Wiccan follies until Judgment Day and then wonder what hit you.	sarc
You're taking that stance again? Arrest people for whatever excuse is convenient and simply let the courts sort out the details at a later date, requiring the accused to pay large sums of money to prove their own innocence?Hardly a civilized approach to the law. Assuming people are guilty and treating them as such, until such time that they can prove that they're actually innocent, just isn't the way to do things.	You are so FUN. Its amazing to hear you say this considering how much you applaud a law that pretty much allows this in Arizona.	sarc
The morning after pill has the potential to destroy that unique post-conception human entity. Regardless of whether it's right or wrong in somebody's eyes does not change the truth written above.	Well, the pill has the ability to not let it implant, which "God" already cause for around 60% of its contemporaries. The pill doesn't destroy the "entity" at all.	sarc
interesting and so revealing, you are so twisted in your thinking that you equate amoral liberals/socialists as real americans while considering traditionalists like me as less than 'real american'? your sides anti american sentiments are why this country is spiraling into a moral and fiscal decline that we may be too late to salvage for the next generation.  as for making calls and driving your 5 liberals to vote early, if this is even true, sorry, but it's too little to late. the 'real americans' have rejected your messiah's gospel of marxism and will vote out all of the liars who supported his marxist agenda. now bend over and take it like a man because we are on the eve of your reality check. emoticonxbouncer emoticonxagree	i love how you claim that the teabag party is not affiliated with the republicans, who are they going to vote with ?.. the democrats?.. they may not claim to be republicans but last i checked we only have two major parties representing us in the house and senate, with maybe one or two independents.the tea bag party isn't big enough to control anything without republicans so enlighten me, who are they going to vote with to destroy what obama has accomplished so far?...	sarc
Using your logic you may indicate that we should eliminate cars, food, heating/cooling systems, chairs, stairs, houses, apartments, work, money, paper, plastic, and basically everything that we have on earth because somewhere people are going to die because of almost everything. You have to look at risk-reward..	You forget, that all those nice rewards? None of them are rights.	sarc
nslation: the government will tell the citizens what kind of bank account they need to get to save up for their own health costs -- then pay it yourself. We constantly hear that a major reason for the increase in health care costs is the cost of the uninsured. How does it help it tell low-income/unemployed/minimum wage workers to save their money? Once again, businesses will love this. Don't offer health insurance to employees - they're self insured. Or they can get it themselves through their church!?!?	Maybe you are having trouble with the concept of "low premium, high deductible". That means the monthly payments (premiums) are low, and the deductible is higher (cost you actually pay for services). This shouldn't be a problem. How often do you actually use your health insurance? I use mine very rarely (not at all in the last year). It appears that what Bush is trying to do is get insurance coverage to low income folks without a multi trillion dollar price tag (like kerrys plan carries). This isn't a bad thing, and I am not even a bush supporter.	notsarc
so why do they call polar bears and brown bears different "species" when they can breed and produce fertile offspring together?	Because, when each is in its natural habitat, they are reproductively isolated.	notsarc
Give to God what belongs to God. Give to science what belongs to science	I see the similarity with the original scripture, in which Jesus was recognizing the authority of both God and Caesar in the world. However, Jesus was talking about the political power in the world. Jesus called the academics of his day, vipers and hypocrits, because they pretended to be holy but were evil. He called the wisest of men fools, because they did not believe in God. Also, as I stated before, truth should be the ultimate goal. I do not fear science. I do not see any truth that science may happen to reveal as a threat to faith. Why? Because God is Truth. Jesus said, "And the truth shall set you free"!!!	notsarc
Everything you say here is absolute horse dung where reality is concerned. Especially since I, a born again believer is here adamantly denying that I or every christian community I have ever been associated with would ever support or endorse a christian oligarchy in the USA.	Hmm.. does that include the Muslim Communities you were associated with too?.. We know as rational people that Denial is the Christians best weapon. You should seriously consider increasing your medications..	sarc
what poland's leaders are thinking. are an couple billion dollars worth being targeted by several hundred russian warheads?  the us is trying to convince poland to let them place part of the us missile shield in poland. they are doing this in their normal bribing way. however, since the shield can obviously in the future be used against china and russia, is it worth it to poland to go from being not an target to being the coordinates for many multimegaton warheads?  and you have to account for the likelihood of any actual exchange. so it is worth it to the poles?	did someone hack your account, oblivious? you sound like a fsb bot in this post...	sarc
To the best of my knowledge Uncle Sam hasn't passed any laws forcing people to install left-handed doorknobs. They learn to deal with the status quo..........what a concept, a group that isn't asking for special treatment. emoticonXRolleyes emoticonXGood	Uncle Sam hasn't tried to pass a law saying people can't install left-handed doornobs, to supposedly protect the doornobs of right-handed people. I guess right-handed people don't feel threatened by the minority. What a concept!	sarc
when i don't address it.  every false religion is a cult and therefore your's is a cult.	well, i am not surprised you think science is a cult. i guess you think everything you don't understand is a cult. emoticonxrolleyes	sarc
Note also this false statement from a ""Survival of the fittest" is a poor way to think about evolution. Darwin himself never used the phrase. What Darwin said is that heritable variations lead to differential reproductive success. This is not circular or tautologous. It is a prediction which can be, and has been, experimentally verified [Weiner 1994]."http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CA/CA500.htmlThis is quite clearly wrong as Darwin did use it in the 6th ed of Species.	Well survival of the fittest was not Darwins term- although he may of used it it the later editions of the Origin. The phase was actually coined by Herbert Spencer in 1851.Weiner could be forgiven for his statement- if he had read the first edition of the Origin (regarded as being the best version as it contains no responses to critiscsms that were levelled at the preceeding editions) he would not have come across it under Darwins name.It is moot really, as natural selection is the term that is used in this context today.	notsarc
But just try and remove them from those that think we do and you will have a war on your hands. It's too bad we didn't become more like Canada is respect to gun ownership. A lot more people would be alive today and others not sitting in prison for crimes they commited.	And the loss to society because people used guns instead of an alternate weapon is?	notsarc
http://www.4forums.com/political/360684-post266.html lies,  definition according to archangel: anything archangel does not like.  still pretending that my quotation of taz's joke was not verbatim eh?  still pretending you never said oil wasn't a hydrocarbon eh? thanks for proving my point. i posted the link proving you are wrong and what do you do? pretend it does not exist.	hmmm. 'wow... and this op made it through the rigorous admin review process? anyway, here is a question for you to ponder about. if god made human from dirt, how come there are still dirt around?' sounds like a joke to me.  evc forum: human evolution (re: if evolved from apes, why still apes?) but we all know that arch is incapable of opening the blue colored links.	sarc
This is not a Christian country; the Europeans stole this land from Native Americans. But it's fair to say you just insulted a number of people of faith, who donot follow Christianity, only.	Tell me, how does one "steal land" from a nomad? emoticonXConfused	sarc
Is there anyone here who is pro choice and does not subscribe to moral relativism (ie:the idea that there is no such thing as absolute right or wrong? If so, for what reasons are you pro-choice? I am curious.	because all children should have parents who want them dearly.btw, "moral relativism" is absurd. a phase people pass through as they discover diversity and is bewildered by it, thinking all are equally valid. it is a stance of both immature/superficial reasoning and moral depravity.	notsarc
So you don't support Connecticut passing a civil union law?	Why can't you answer questions directly?anyway, I support ct in passing civil unions or marriage lite as I like to see it, but It doesn't confer equality. If it is really equ8al than it would be marrige. Reason beinbg portablity ( irealize you think that some day we might have that, but we don't so far and we cannot ccontrol other countries who may have gay marriage but not cilvil unions and may not recognize civil unions but recognize marriage.)If it is good for straight couples, it should be equally good for all couples. . No one is more superior. Everyone should be equal. Marriage for all is equals.	notsarc
considering that there's little new information and reasoning in any of these debates, i find it surprising that they keep coming up.	i'm not surprised. we're living in an age when communication outside of our local group is becoming increasingly common. people are starting to hear ideas they never would have before. religion has generally survived because people's experiences were limited to the views of those immediately around them, those who pretty much shared those same views. today, and for a while now, that's been changing and people are hearing other things causing them to rethink what they've been taught.	notsarc
Originally Posted by Galileo Why do people on the pro-gun side continuously try to oversimplify the issue? No one is really arguing that there would be zero murder without guns. The question is would there be less murders without guns. In developed nations with stricter gun laws there are less murders. At any rate, I don't think you can draw such conclusions based on one incident.	Your XXX-umption that is a poor attempt to certify a false delimma has long been answered. How many people have been killed in Africa with short handled hoes and machetes? Nary a gun amoungst them.	notsarc
Are you saying the government SHOULDN'T have known about a Category 4 hurricane hitting New Orleans and then breaking the levees after the hurricane passed causing the city to flood and trap people in the Super Dome with people still in the city? haha, they should have known that...Bush hates black people and is for Big hurricanes (not just big oil) and his lack of enviromental policy clearly caused this.emoticonXRolleyes	Don't forget that he's the anti-Christ and wants to starve Seniors and "babies". That's part of the DNC mantra too. emoticonXRolleyes	sarc
1) All organisms tend to produce more offspring than can possibly survive.	False and that doesn't invalide evolution given how it's a misrepresentation of one of the statements in the theory.       Gould can take his comments and shove them up his ***.	notsarc
A very good friend of mine has a Masters in theology from an accredited institution. She is also hosting my wedding to my partner in the fall. She is a christian but she doen't share your beliefs.	Your partner wouldn't happen to be a guy, would he? As for your Christian friend, ask her to join the fray. I'd like to ask her a few questions, such as:Who do you say Jesus Christ is? If not Lord, God, Savior, and Jewish Messiah then she is on the wrong page.Ask her if people need Jesus Christ for redemption for their sins?Ask her if people should repent of their sins and turn from them?Ask her who the Holy Spirit is? If not God, then she's on the wrong page (note Acts 5).Ask her if the Bible doesn't say gay sex is a sin (Leviticus 18:22, Lev. 20:13, Romans 1:26-27; I Corinthians 6:9-10; Jude 7, etc.)? Those will do for starters.	notsarc
Somewhat so. If grammatically meant "with proper grammar", then there would be no need to say "grammatically correct". I have also heard the term "grammatically flawed" or "grammatically incorrect" both of which would not comply with the definition presented.Grammatical (adj) means "of or relating to grammar".Grammatically (adv) has a similar meaning. Neither is meant to definitely imply correctness.Michael Moore is still a piece of feces. emoticonXHoho emoticonXKill all terrorists and those who support them	Waxy, please read this. Maybe it will help you. When you said the proper way to say it was, "....tell me I'm wrong, at least do it grammatically." you made absolutely no sense. Do something grammatically? You obviously have to use grammar when you write a sentence.	sarc
One of the biggest arguments against gun control is that if the government became too oppressive, the people wouldn't have the capacity to carry out a successful rebellion. Of course, if the government was becoming oppressive, it would likely implement gun control, so the absence of gun control is necessary to ensure that we do not take a plunge towards fascism!	Not quite. To be more correct regarding government and guns, the right to own weapons is for the right to revolt and revolt with violence.Our political philosophy is very clear on this:"that whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these Ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it" - Declearation of IndependaceYou have the right to try and revolt with violence. You don't have the right to win a revolt.	notsarc
We've already been over this and again you're confusing two separate issues. I think everyone is agreed that people no matter what race are entitled to equal protection under the law.	Well of course everybody is entitled. But as history has shown many southern states in America chose to ignore the Constitution and deny black people their rights on the basis of their skin color, using the "black codes" enacted after the Civil War. If it weren't for the 14th Amendment that forced state governments to abide by the constitution, minorities would still be out in the cold.The only thing we've been over, is that government and gun control is racist, not the Second Amendment.	notsarc
For instance; they have many pages dedicated to the history, derivation and definition of the word "species".	Well, I suppose creationists would object to careful definition of terms and the assiduous distinguishing of fact from non-fact, wouldn't they? It runs counter to all they hold dear.	sarc
hey, whatever works for you! i guess its ok to explore certain sides of your personality, and its always good to get out and meet new people and try new things. just be careful what you pick up	i totally agree. you never know what you might pick up. but he likes to eat hey? that's weird. but to each his own. i like to eat more normal food myself. but if you explore certain sides of someones personality, do you really learn anything? how do you know you just don't watch and then five minutest after you explore the personality, you forgot everything about that person. i mean, i don't know, but i have some trouble picking up on personalities right away of people i meet. has anyone ever tried spilling tuna on the floor on purpose? i'm just wondering because that would be weird.	notsarc
why do you make such a big issue of this? if you're in this forum, and you've seen this post, then creation vs evolution obviously strikes a nerve with you- why?! what is so fascinating about something you'll never live long enough to witness if it does exist and that you've seen all there is to see of if it doesn't exist?does anyone here really lack in something to validate themselves so much that they have to turn to a bunch of dead animals to find a reason for living?	Well, thank you for this thread Santafeur. I must say though that I peruse various threads just to read stuff. The C vs. E topic does not strike a nerve with me. In fact, I also wonder what it is about the human mind that makes people so desperate to want to know how we came about. What difference does it make? We are here now. Could we possibly just accept that we got here somehow, and just move on?	notsarc
IMO, that's beside the point. The problem with judicial fiat is that it's a way to get things done despite the will of the people. Sure, people may still oppose gay marriage even if it's done legislatively as opposed to judicially, but at least then they'd have the chance and opportunity to do so. With only the judicial means, people feel that they have no say whatsoever in something they feel is important. So I think there really is something to this concern than gay marriage is slipped in via judicial fiat. Of course you feel they shouldn't have a say, so you have no problem with the idea of doing by judicial fiat.	But the whole process was done in the courts using the process set up by the constitution. Where the laws are not clear on an issue, such as in Massachusetts, it is the courts job to decide. The courts are a check on the injustice towards minorities by the majority.	notsarc
Monkeys show sense of justice Absolutely amazing. And Capuchins, although bright relative to most other mammals, aren't as bright as chimps.	Good old monkeys! What can't we learn from them :)Since we are in the Creation vs Evolution section I'm guessing that your debate here is that monkeys and humans show some similar ways of thinking such as in this experiment. It does seem like further evidence that evolution did take place between our two species although it isn't a case cracker by any means.	notsarc
And this is a terrific breakthrough. My partner and I are coveered by my company's health insurance, and the state of Connecticut honors our Civil Union. That being said, I still have to pay tax on my partner's health insurance as imputed income because the federal government refuses to acknowledge our union.So it has to be marriage. Full and without exception.Civil Unions are not enough when we are treated differently under the law.	You are very right. We too will have to pay tax on the insurance for me. Not fair.	notsarc
Well let's look at the facts themselves. Concealed carry laws are now part of the legal system in 48 out of the 50 states in this country. Concealed carry started in Florida and worked their way from one state to another over a continuous 20 year period, and not once has a concealed carry law ever been repealed, for any reason.Gun control laws, like handgun rationing, mandatory reporting standards, ammunition registries, secondary background checks, trigger lock and storage requirements, etc. are limited in their reach, sticking to only certain states. There's been no mass adoption of these laws by various states across the country, and there's even been cases of them being repealed due to ineffectiveness.If gun control laws worked at controlling crime, and the presence of firearms actually had the potential to increase crime rates, these facts would be reversed.	And the Brady background check has not been repealed either so by your "logic" it must be effective.	sarc
what six-year old kid actually understands the ramification of such a commitment? especially with god attached? it's indoctrination, brainwashing, whatever word one cares to use for enforced learning not related to education.  and i think you have it a little mixed up, this country is the people.	i think you underestimate the intelligence of a 6 year old and what they can comprehend............... and that 6 year old is not only the people but the future which makes it even more imperative that he or she know the sacrafices others have made to make this country the great country it is........ i am not surprised you call it brainwashing though....... emoticonxrolleyes	sarc
*pokes nose in*Innocent until proven guilty?I don't have much to say about the actual topic, but if I can point out to Ethmi every time he fails to understand the Burden of Proof idea, then with any luck after a while he might actually stop misusing it...This is one of those times.	>_> one would think pulling the power, breaking into someone's house, and having raped her once and been reported would have been proof enough.   What do you want a video of him raping her or something?	sarc
Kronus, don't even bother. Only 2 posts in and Marc figures he's made some profound new insight and is into full on conspiracy mode.	And we have an emotional post with no substance whatsoever. I'm sure your twin will be checking in soon. I think I'll keep a count of this type of post.	sarc
It takes a hypocrite to cite the huffington post and then complain about a news source.	No more hypocritical than somebody actively harping on me for citing the Huffington Post, but then HAVING NO negative comment for the RNC embracing NewsMax...But here's an idea.You probably wouldn't vote for me cause I cited Huffington Post, right?So logically, one should ALSO NOT VOTE for Republicans who embrace NewsMax, right???emoticonXDonnoNah. I don't expect that kind of consistency...	sarc
that's right, i don't want ANOTHER parental figure to tell me what to do, when to do it, and how to do it.	Of course you don't. It's the natural humanistic way of thinking.	sarc
and some people have no sense of humor and take everything way too seriously... which i find pathetic.... just sayin'	yeah even i have to agree you were making a joke. i may not agree with your stances on things, but i can see when you're joking.	notsarc
Please don't neglect the importance of this question since it lies at the very heart of the pro-life view of the beginning of human rights. If you want women to give up their rights to their own bodies because of the significance of this transition (i.e. conception), then it is critically important that you detail what it is in the transition that makes it so significant.	Well we assume a right to your own body here. It is also important for you to justify why there should be a difference in human and person and then justify why doing so this time is different from when this was previously done in history.I guess I don't agree with the idea that you have no rights until you can prove you should have them...if this is the standard then we are all in trouble.	notsarc
We have some major flaws in our legal system. The first and foremost legal flaw is that American prisoners are American people and thus are granted first ammendment American rights. This means that murderers who don't get birthday cakes, a basketball court, tv, and a turkey for Thanksgiving go crying cruel and unusual punishment and then they get it.I've heard that the average cost of living of a capital punishment prisoner is appoximately $25,000.00 a year paid for by us.It's really bad when murderers on deathrow in Mexico are calling murderers on deathrow in America p*****s and want to transfer here.LEVIATHAN	You know what is far worse than murder itself? Executing people to save some money.	notsarc
Suicide car bomber kills 10 Afghan policemen Los Angeles Times - Aimal Yaqubi - 1 hour ago Police converge on the scene of a suicide car bomb blast in Lashkar Gah, capital of the volatile Helmand province. (Sher Khan, EPA) By Laura King Los ... 5 Police Killed in Southern Afghanistanâ€_ Voice of America (blog) Suicide bomber kills 10 Afghan officers, 1 child outside police ...â€_ Washington Post 12 POLICEMEN AND A CHILD KILLED IN AFGHAN SUICIDE ATTACKâ€_ Agenzia Giornalistica Italia Attack on Afghan government compound kills 19 Suicide bomber strikes Iraqi bank, killing 12  Kandahar mayor killed by suicide bombing  Suicide Bomber Hits Troops at Port City in Yemen  Suicide bomber kills 4 at Karzai memorial service Suicide Bomber Kills 5 French Soldiers CNN.com - Suicide bombing at Israeli disco  Suicide bombing suspect 'on welfare six years' -  Pakistani Officials: Suicide Bombing Kills One Soldier, Wounds Several	But I suppose this is all MY/Our Fault too. Huh Brady?First all of Mexico's violence was my/our fault until it was found out that the ATF was actually running guns into Mexico, now what some slimeball does in Norway is my fault. Get a clue.	sarc
i think that it demonstrates that the liberal biased media got it dead wrong. no residents blame the mayor and governor, not bush. as for the adulation, it's tough to bite the hand that's building you a new house using federal bucks. emoticonxcensored  the fact is that no was given considerably more money than any other state for army coe projects and la chose to spend it on various pet projects instead of fixing the levee. the last woman interviewed by dean renyolds had it right. they were given federal money to fix the problem and they didn't.  sour grapes make for a poor wine. they make a better whine. emoticonxrolleyes	would you like some cheese with that whine? emoticonxrolleyes btw this only shows over 60+ years of liberal government incompetence.	sarc
"After all, it's the job of the gun lobby and gunmakers to get as many guns into the hands of as many people as possible. It's everyone else's job to clean up after their mess."Too true!	Just like it's the job of the gun control lobby to try and pass an overwhelming, unreasonable level of fear of an inanimate object?	sarc
The first one is moderately valid... the rest are straw men.	Well then it sounds like you don't even know what a SM is seeing as the 3rd one is the main one that people like you bring up when debating this isse.	notsarc
God created all things in "Kinds" - a supergiant group.	Do you have any evidence for that? And still, I don't know what you mean by kind.	notsarc
Yet evolutionists tell us that evolution could never happen the same way twice. And the reason they say that -- one of them -- is that NS on the level of the population is random....which makes absolutely no sense what-so-ever.	It doesn't make sense because no one makes that claim. There are some random events that take place that may have an effect on evolution. That does not mean that evolution is random.	notsarc
i would not be concerned considering the source - newsmax is a notoriously right-wing site that is hardly considered a reliable source.they are about as reliable as the john mccain campaign or fox news(hee hee). newsmax has a list of false claims. and quite personally, most of the claims seem kinda wacko - way out there. send it into factcheck or something.	wow! i didn't know that. thanks! should i read the new york times instead?	sarc
