Do n't like it when the person you 're arguing against can be as sarcastic as you are , huh ? I understand , I get these types of whines all the time .	Not at all . Your answers were without content or meaning . There was no sarcasm . You snipped most of my remarks because you were unable to address them . You have no answers and have been reduced to insult . That means that you have lost the discussion and you know you have lost . Otherwise you would attempt meaningful answers . You have made yourself a fool with nothing but names and insults .	disagree	sarc
I said the Brady Campaign and other gun control groups made the statement of California being safe . Their message is that gun control makes people safer . They gave California an A rating for their high levels of gun control . Putting those two facts together they 're endorsing California as being a safe state .	Actually , you said :	neutral	notsarc
I have never , once , seen a Creationist actually make a list of what the kinds are , and what animals belong to them . They will say there is a canine kind , to which dogs and wolves belong , and maybe one or two other obvious ones like felines , but that 's the greatest commitment I 've ever seen .	Actually , the debate on this one was hard to miss 8 or 9 years ago . John Woodmorappe , in his book , Noah 's Ark : A Feasibility Study , Inst for Creation Research ( July 1 , 1996 ) , 298 pp. , ISBN : 0932766412 did exactly that . Essentially Woodmorappe equated `` kinds '' to genus in most cases , with an occasional family that contained an inordinate number of genera thrown in where he could n't make all of them fit . Woody came up with 15,754 `` kinds '' , and calculates that there would have been enough room on the ark for all of them . He also calculated the room requirements based on the median size of the animals rather than the average size . Of course , he leaves off all plants , arthropods , mollusks , fish , and aquatic mammals . I do n't recall if he included the dinosaurs , but Ken Ham , Kent Hovind , Carl Baugh and the like have them on the ark . You correctly assume that the creationist story would be that there was a `` dog king '' and a `` cat kind '' from which all species evolved in a few years after the flood . Never mind that a single pair of cats could not possibly carry enough genetic diversity to evolve all 36 species of cat in 4 genera , not even in the 4,500 years since the flood was claimed to have occurred . In order to cram all the `` kinds '' on the ark , creationists must leave off everything but mammals and birds ( without ever explaining how they could have survived a flood that lasted a year ) , and then propose hyper-evolution at rates that make evolutionary biologists dizzy , calling it `` variation in kind . '' It should also be noted that `` John Woodmorappe '' is a pen name of Jan Peczkis , a science teacher from Chicago with a degree in earth science . Besides his young earth creationist articles as Woodmorappe , Peczkis has also published old earth articles in peer reviewed literature . At one time Peczkis threatened to sue several people on the internet who revealed the duplicity ( one being Joe Meert of the University of Florida geology department . Radiometric Dating , Paleosols and the Geologic Column ) . If he consulted a lawyer , I 'm sure that he was laughed out of the office , since you ca n't sue someone for slander if what they say is true . A review of Woodmorappe 's book and other interesting links can be found at Talk Origins . You can buy the book at amazon.com for $ 44.50 .	agree	notsarc
On this 35th anniversary of the Roe v. Wade decision , I would like to share my views on the issue of abortion . Life begins at the point of conception . No one can deny that after a human being is conceived it will develop into the very same being as those debating this issue . What astounds me is that those who favor abortion went through an identical development stage as the being they are condemning to death . Would these very same people agree that a similiar choice should have been made about their own existence ? Abortion today is used primarily as a birth control of convenience because people are too self-centered to take precautions . They prefer their own pleasurable self-indulgence over the care and sanctity of the life they created . What ever happened to taking responsibility for one 's actions in this country ? Is it too much to ask a woman who has conceived to place the child into adoption ? Nine months of discomfort is nothing compared to life in prison for voluntary manslaughter ! Does the father of the child have a say in this ? And what about the constitution of the United States ? Are not all people conceived in this country deserving of life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness ? I believe abortion is a crime against humanity and should be outlawed . We need to overturn the Roe v. Wade decision and get back to cherishing life in this country . For a country that murders it 's children can not be far from self destruction .	You have some good points here , but what do you do in the event of pregnancy due to rape ? Or a pregnancy that is going to put the life of the mother at risk ? And to push the line a bit further , what about failed contraception , where the 'morning after ' pill is taken ? Does that count as abortion as it happens after conception ? Smiley	neutral	notsarc
Who’s Tiggerward ?	Just another one of Chuzlife 's overgeneralizing personal attacks . Along with child molester , mass murderer , ad nauseum ... Chuzlife may not need God , but he needs the good guys and the bad guys in his worldview .	neutral	sarc
Have you ever heard of `` Project Rachel '' < http : //www.hopeafterabortion.com/ >	I think I 'm going to start a `` Hope After Propoganda '' site after reading that . But really where the agony comes is when women go through with an unwanted pregnancy . Abortions usually solve a lot of women 's problems , and most women never regret it .	neutral	sarc
Why not read `` The Science of Consciousness—The Next Scientific Paradigm '' by William A. Guillory , Ph.D. which states in part ... `` The Science of Consciousness is essentially the study of the non-material world . It is the study of metaphysical phenomena that , for the most part , are not subject to the theories and laws of Newtonian-Cartesian science . However , the human implications of the results of studying consciousness , beyond the physical realm , are immense . '' http : //creativityandinquiry.org/Scie ... ciousness.html Consciousness is non-material . Perhaps reading `` Empirical Evidence for the Non-Material Nature of Consciousness '' by Juleon M. Schins might shed some light .	Why not tell us in your own words , since you have made such claims ? If all of your sources agree with you , then they are not relevant to the debate . Let 's assume ever source you name agrees with your point of view , and from there , you can answer the questions . -Mach	disagree	sarc
`` When a slaveowner strikes his slave with a rod and the slave immediately dies , the owner shall be punished . If however the slave lives for a few days , then the owner shall not be punished for the slave is his property . '' - Exodus 21:20	A slave was a piece of property taken after a war . Slavery back then was completely different then it is now .	disagree	sarc
If you want to see whether guns save lives , you need to look at their impact on total killing rates , not only their impact on gun-killing rates . The fact you choose to examine a misleading statistic indicates to me you are aware that you are wrong .	but they only effect gun killing rates just like traffic laws only effect car accidents and not other kinds of accidents	disagree	notsarc
Time to get a helmet ...	ROTFLMAO ! You just made my day Nato !	agree	notsarc
If a telescope can see a new color , how can we observe the information ?	But it 's not detecting any `` new '' wavelength . It 's just detecting a wavelength that our eyes are incapable of detecting . You ca n't see radio waves , so radio waves are meaningless to your eye , but they 're not meaningless to your clock radio receiver .	neutral	notsarc
Your lamarckian argument against MNS has fallen prey to the same misconceptions about this issue as the creationist line has .	** This is the line that caused me to butt in , walking-fish . Again , my apologies , but prs has no idea of the difference between Lamarckian and Darwinian theory , and how that theoretical difference would be reflected in different social theories . As far as I can tell prs has nothing but preconceived misconceptions about this . I felt compelled to speak up . Hope you 're not put out about my intrusion .	neutral	notsarc
PLANET OF THE APES THING= Unfortunatly for us , yes . And very likely if we just disappered . RELIGION THING= As I said humans follow three catgories , self-preservation , the soical thing , and the need to continue or better the species . We see in the very long term , and have high orders of reasoning that allow us to get what we want . That is how we got here , but we see death as something outside our long-term ability to plan for , and that just messes with the need for self-preservation . So , because we are creatures that need to have answers ( not because god said so , but because creatures that want the answer on how to get that peice of fruit up in that tree to fall down , will do better then the creature that dose n't care ) , we create eloborate teachings that allow us to incorporate death into our long-term plans , and that takes away from the whole self-preservation fear . No offense to religious guys , but seriously if you think about it , is n't it convinent that god will let us into heaven . Every culture has some version of eternity written into its teachings , weither it be heaven , rebirth or some nature thing it is what we want to believe . I admit in my weaker momments I have really wished I did believe in some kind of god , but the fact remains , most of our lives we act on complex instinct . The thing that seperates us now that we have got metaphorically `` Situated '' as a civilization is the few moments we walk in to transedental territory . That time we figure out the math problem , that time we figure out the riddle , that , more then anything , is the definition of consiousness I go by . Everything else in life , religion , love , hate etc . are just things we use to satisfy our base needs ( re-read my first post for clarification ) but those seconds , when we finally grasp an idea , when it dose n't change us in any way , but we feel profoundly happy at our own ability to grasp the riddle , math problem , board game etc . is something no other animal feels . They may feel happy at having , going back to the fruit in a tree example , knocked the fruit out of the tree , and are happy now because they get to eat the fruit . Humanity is `` sentient '' because we enjoy the fact that we knocked the fruit out of the tree more then we enjoy the fruit itself . Atleast thats what I think defines consiousness I could be wrong , but I know for sure what dose n't and religion is something any animal with enough reasoning and foresight would invent .	It may not seem linked to the topic but something you said brought it up . I will clarify my link for it to this topic later . But , Why is there death ?	neutral	notsarc
2 ) Jyoshu 's explanation spelled out a theoretical approach , but the actual application to this approach shows prejudice and discrimination against gay people . Not just gay people who engage in gay behavior , but gay people .	and thats different and contrary to what jyoshu posted . can a straight man commit a gay sex act ? or is it only gays that can do this ? how do you draw the line ?	neutral	notsarc
Hydrothermal vents [ 4 ] are described in two books of the Bible written before 1400BC—more than 3,000 years before their discovery by science . Genesis 7:11 In the six hundredth year of Noah’s life , in the second month , the seventeenth day of the month , on that day all the fountains of the great deep were broken up , and the windows of heaven were opened .	If you can get past the fact that Noah is 600 years old , I guess it 's not much of a leap to think that `` fountains of the deep '' equals a valid description of hydrothermal vents .	neutral	sarc
Not pretty is it ? Imagine being one of those guys in the Alien movies and you 've got a chestburster in you that 's gon na kill you once its fully gestated , but you 're not allowed to have an operation to have it removed from your body because of an intergalatic treaty declaring that all life is precious and must be observed .	Aside from the obvious logical fallacy , if alien life were precious ( which it is n't ) and assuming we ignore the chestburster since that does n't happen in a pregnancy then I 'd say you ca n't remove it .	disagree	notsarc
Third , the violinist illustration is not parallel to pregnancy because it equates a stranger/stranger relationship with a mother/child relationship . This is a key point and brings into focus the most dangerous presumption of the violinist illustration , also echoed in McDonagh 's thesis . Both presume it is unreasonable to expect a mother to have any obligations towards her own child . The violinist analogy suggests that a mother has no more responsibility for the welfare of her child than she has to a total stranger . McDonagh 's view is even worse . She argues the child is not merely a stranger , but a violent assailant the mother needs to ward off in self-defense . This error becomes immediately evident if we amend Thompson 's illustration . What if the mother woke up from an accident to find herself surgically connected to her own child ? What kind of mother would willingly cut the life-support system to her two-year-old in a situation like that ? And what would we think of her if she did ? Blood relationships are never based on choice , yet they entail moral obligations , nonetheless . This is why the courts prosecute negligent parents . They have consistently ruled , for example , that fathers have an obligation to support their children even if they are unplanned and unwanted . If it is moral for a mother to deny her child the necessities of life ( through abortion ) before it is born , how can she be obligated to provide the same necessities after he 's born ? Remember , Thompson concedes that the fetus is a person from the moment of conception . If her argument works to justify abortion , it works just as well to justify killing any dependent child . After all , a two-year-old makes a much greater demand on a woman than a developing unborn .	This seems to be the central argument : the article continues to give many examples of moral disapproval of neglecting or murdering your children . However , it ignores the fact that parenthood is a relationship which is not defined simplistically by genetic relation or by being in the womb ( it is unclear if he thinks surrogate mothers should be able to have abortions ) . We can be prosecuted for neglecting an adopted child or step-child , or anyone we have parental responsibility for . On the other hand , if a person gives their child up for adoption then they can not be charged with negligence if the child is deserted by its new parents . One interesting part :	agree	notsarc
( Evolution is a series of highly likely events ) Evolution simply put , is the creation story for secular humanists and nothing more , which in and among itself if fine - I do n't personally care if believe we evolved from Mountain Dew , but do n't try to pass that off as fact when there is substantial evidence that says otherwise .	On the contrary , there is no evidence to suggest that we have not evolved via common descent . Not in any living creature thus far examined , or any fossil thus far unearthed . We are obliged to seek out evolutionary mechanisms precisely because the fact that it has happened is beyond all doubt .	disagree	sarc
Why do suppose exaggeration and embellishment or an aversion to facts is necessary for some people who consider themselves pro life or at least anti choice ?	You can try and deny the facts all you like . Here they are from the CDC for 2003 , go spin them .	disagree	sarc
The original 1921 report , written by Dr. Arthur Smith Woodward says this : “The skull is in a remarkably fresh state of preservation , the bone having merely lost its animal matter and not having been in the least mineralized.” .The occupation of the cave , therefore , seems to have been at no distant date – it may not even have been so remote as the Pleistocene period.” -- this period ends 11,000 years ago .	Woodward was a fraud , and I recall that was actually about the Piltdown man . You 're confusing your hominids . I 'm not surprised your site says so . Confusing one homind for another and citing a known fraud maker .	disagree	sarc
Very interesting Matt . A little confused are you ? What on earth makes you think that a gay men could succeed in seducing a straight man , and a lesbian could seduce a straight woman . Of course there always are exceptions . Some people will do anything for money .	Because the gay personals are full of married straight men looking for discrete gay sex	disagree	sarc
First thing I want to say is that I dont want to offend anyone but for me abortion was the best option . I also want to say that I love Christ will all my heart . He has forgiven me for my sins and because ive had an abortion does not mean im not a Christian and yes I was a christian when I did have an abortion . I had an abortion just this past june . ... I grew up in a christian home and was anti abortion most of my life but honestly I felt so relieved after having the abortion .	I am so sorry to hear about what has happened to you . I hope you get away from this terrible man and surround yourself with people who love you . I must ask , though , why are you a Christian ? You completely disagree with typical Christian sentiments on abortion , you feel none of the purported guilt the religious movement implies is inevitable , you feel like you did the right thing , so why would you continue to profess to belong to this religion if you disagree with one of the major issues of the day ?	neutral	notsarc
The biggest thing that really # # # # # # me off though are the carry laws where I live ( california ) . Essentially , you ca n't get a concealed carry permit in California ( I say essentially because technically they are allowed to issue them , but it 's essentially only for celebrities and political figures ) . so ... let me get this straight ... I can own my handgun for self-defense , but it 's illegal for me to carry it to defend against a threat . But then again , the muggers wont have concealed weapons also , right ? Of course not , because it is illegal to carry it with you , and muggers and other criminals have a high amount of respect for the law .	And that ( among a number of other reasons ) is why I will probably never , ever live in the state of California . Personally I have no desire to live somewhere that wo n't let me take the means to adequately defend my family and myself , if necessary .	agree	notsarc
Originally posted by wjim1269 # 1 ) Could you please tell me where that argument was posted ? I ca n't find it . # 2 ) Gun control does n't take guns from the criminals . It just tacks on another offense when they use them . Maybe that argument is n't the best , but it shows that gun control is actually useless .	It 's posted here in another thread at http : //www.youdebate.com/vBulletin/s ... 5 & amp ; pagenumber=3 The car/gun analogy keeps being brought up . Kelvin has n't addressed the objections to the car/gun analogy . When you only look at the the things that support your point of view and ignore other things that do n't support your point of view then it 's pretty easy to reach the conclusion you want .	neutral	sarc
Its really sad what these gay predator priests did to those children and they should be punished to the full extent of the law ...	Yep , homosexuals join to practice a religion that hates them just so they can gain access to children . I mean , so much for joining any of those adult dating services ... I suppose becoming a priest is much easier . When will Christians such as yourself learn to stop spinning the story for your own hate agenda upon gays ? Have you ever heard of accountability ?	neutral	sarc
Yes , it is interesting how we draw an arbitary `` legal line in the sand '' with regards to determining how late into a pregnancy an elective abortion is available .	But how can we make rules without legal lines in sand ? At least its better than an illegal line .	neutral	sarc
This latest post of yours is just another senseless and stupid rambling of somebody that 's so hateful and fearful of an inanimate object that it 's impossible for him to function in our society and can barely handle his own needs .	I thought it was on topic actually , if emotive . Well , it responds to the topic title , Ethmi re-refined the topic to just 'prove guns increase aggression ' a few posts in . Or are you saying that a child with a gun is just as likely to kill someone as a child without a gun ?	neutral	notsarc
hi ! We are 2 dutch students and we dont get why almost everybody here want 's a gun . In the Netherlands having a gun is a crime . And we think thats really good , cause you see the results in the US . Kids killing each other with daddy 's gun , and we think that when you own a gun the proberbility to use it is always much closer then when you do n't own a gun . A lot of people feel safer when they have got a gun in their home , cause then you always can use it , even when you are drunk or something like that . And you are always thinking about : `` when should i use my gun '' . So . people do n't buy a gun ! what 's the use ? ! Just make sure that you do'nt get in any problems . Greets , Joszi ( age:16 ) Bram ( age:16 ) Nijmegen , The Netherlands ( best country to live )	I know at least one person from the Netherlands who owns a pistol . Are you sure that it is ENTIRELY illegal to own a firearm , or is it possible to obtain a permit for one ? Also , the whole `` school shooting '' business in the US is not really any sort of major problem . The thing is , the media reports every single incident making it seem more common than it really is . As far as uses for a gun : In the US lots of people live in rural areas where it could take police about an hour , or even longer , to respond . People in that situation can not rely on police protection . In addition , our police force is NOT obligated to serve as a protection force for citizens . Instead , our police are supposed to solve crimes after they occur . People in the US grew up with firearms and shooting sports . Hunting , trap and skeet , and target shooting are important parts of American culture . In fact , our government thought it was so important for citizens to be able to use firearms that they created the Civilian Marksmanship Program ( CMP ) . The CMP sells high-powered military surplus rifles at cost , to US citizens . Joszi and Bram , what experience with firearms do you have ? Maybe a day at the range would change your opinions . pickleweaseler -- The US of A ( the REAL best country to live [ in ] )	neutral	sarc
There is no doubt that if it were not for the pro-life movement , people like Senator Kennedy would not consider it important for abortion to be `` rare . ''	Why ? All pro-choicers want abortion to be rare because women are n't having UPPs or health problems in the first place .	neutral	sarc
I get it , it was Obama that generated our debt and not the president who started a war that cost $ 1,015,002,700,000 and counting . Nice one . Did you honestly think you 'd get away with that ?	The war is n't the reason banks shelled out millions of dollars to people who could never repay it . All that money came from somewhere , like corporations that expected to see a return on their investments . They got nothing , they laid off people as a result , which lead to the rates of unemployment and the housing fiasco .	disagree	sarc
No one is saying alcohol is either ... I would say both are not smart to use often ... however , one beer is still better then smoking a bowl .	Says who ? I 'll take a bowl over a beer anyday .	disagree	sarc
Sixth , they push their illicit agenda into every corner of America . Suing the Boy Scouts and anyone else who disagrees with them .	Just have to say something on this . If the boy scouts didnt receive federal support and get special deals from the government then they would be able to exclude whoever they want . However since they often hold their meetings in public schools for free and rent public lands for discounted price or even sometimes for free they can not discriminate against gays and atheists . So they have to make a choice .	disagree	notsarc
Those without money can use Medicare or Medicaid to virtually pay for the entire pregnancy .	For the record - the level of assistance available ( pregnant or not ) varies from state to state . I was living in New Mexico when I got pregnant and a clever woman working at the welfare office figured out a way to fib to the state to get me the medical care they would have otherwise denied .	neutral	sarc
Keep in mind two important points : 1 . Reason does not imply truth , it 's a method of separating truth from what is false ,	Then you just contradicted yourself . If you are to separate truth from what is false , then you must know what is truthful .	disagree	sarc
Originally posted by Debater Did man descend from a blob of life ? If so how ?	Well , on 03-14-2003 01:04 PM you said :	neutral	sarc
because they are selfish or just are n't ready for kids , well if you 're not ready for kids than you should have used protection .	Well they did n't . That 's a nice proclamation , but it 's a little late . Perhaps you would fight for better sex education ?	neutral	sarc
I am not talking about pain . I am suggesting it reasonable to adopt a materialistic approach in some circumstances because in some cases no other approach produces better results .	This is probably true , however it was your challenge to present a non-material approach to a physical observation . This has now happened ; with regards pain . Challenge over .	neutral	sarc
I ask you , Sir , how is the freedom of speech and/or the defense of property , or any other right , for that matter , to be maintained without arms ?	I have never said anything about not defending it through armed force . I just don`t believe that you need an armed populace .	disagree	notsarc
In principle , there is no difference between the two as the result is the same , a dead baby . I 've always disliked this line of logic because it implies that the value of somebody 's life depends on their relative accomplishments and it invites the counter argument that the unborn in question could also become a criminal . Indeed , it has been argued that abortion has reduced crime , poverty , overpopulation and the depletion of natural resources .	Indeed there is no diffrence it is still a dead baby but throwing a baby in a trash can and leaving it for dead is far more cruel than abortion .	neutral	sarc
What are you talking about ample time ? I starting following this tread last afternoon ? What is your point ? 1 ) Did the NRA and KKK ever burn a cross together ? 2 ) Does Lockheed Martin in Colorado build nukes , missiles , and bombs ? 3 ) Did Chuck Heston ever say `` From my cold dead hands in Denver '' ? 4 ) How many edits does it take to make a point ? If it is a documentry then why minipulate a speech ? 1 ) That is a cartoon ? Do you believe in cartoons ? My nephew believes that things he sees in Bugs Bunny is real . Do you ? Moore manufactured a monster from the NRA . You were manipulated .	You answered the first one already ... it is a 'cartoon ' . It showed that just as one was out-lawed , the other was born . You decide what to believe from this . By the way ... `` Lockheed Martin is a global leader in the design , development and production of missiles and missile defense solutions for the United States and its allies around the world . The goal : Defend against attacks by ballistic missiles , cruise missiles and other airborne threats . '' http : //www.lockheedmartin.com/wms/fi ... =0 & amp ; ti=0 & amp ; sc=400	neutral	notsarc
Premise 1 : God lives in another universe ( Heaven ) and therefore can not be detected in this universe . ( Definition of God ) Premise 2 : If something exists , then it can be detected/sensed . ( Definition of Existence ) Contrapositive of Premise 2 : If something can not be detected/sensed , then it does not exist . Conclusion : God does not exist . The reason that this doens't prove Atheism is that it can not disprove the existence of , say , the Hindu gods , which are defined as beings in this world that can be seen . It just disproves theism .	I hate to break this to you but this is racked with illogic . Well , ok it 's `` logical '' but the premises rely on things that are pure assumptions . Just because something ca n't be detected does n't mean that it does n't exist . And , of course , if god is god the way we think about it , then God is everywhere , including in this universe . He is the universe ( but we ca n't detect him ) . Does he exist now or not ?	disagree	sarc
Wow , I do n't think I 've ever seen an argumentum ad Muslim TM in the abortion debate before .	I 'm sure you have n't . But it is a worthy thread because of the reality that Islam `` is '' closing in on what we consider `` the free world '' . If you love your freedom and the choices you now have , you should pay attention to Islam . They are consumed with a hatred for the west and are dedicated to their cause . Symbiote declares this the worst thread ever . It is unpleasant , but , Islam will not be denied . The numbers Cruiser provided mean a lot . Especially to progressives .	neutral	notsarc
argue with the pro-choicers ... I do n't agree with what the women says because she agrues for pro-choice .	Your misrepresentation does n't make it so .	disagree	sarc
Sorry , I also meant to talk about safety , not control . But I don´t think that zero-gun-tolerance at schools would be a conflict to gun-safety courses . If the teachers of this subject start with something like `` I´ll tell you about safety but a gun is evil , evil ! `` , then it there would be much sense . Imo the goal of the subject had to be that children know about the dangers of guns . Idiotic parents forget to keep away their guns from kids too often . At least the kids should know about that `` chrome toy on the table '' .	Idiotic anti gun/gun control advocates that make remarks about guns being evil are the problem . All of this hatred for an item that does nothing until a person picks it up ! Cars as with guns do nothing until a person operates them . Cars kill far more kids then guns and yet do teachers tell kids cars are evil ? No ! In fact we have an entire business around advertisements to make kids want to buy these deadly cars . More kids die daily while driving to school then from guns and there is not demand for this deadly practice to be stopped . The cost to school districts to make parking facilities for these deadly cars is another burden people pay to make kids want to buy deadly cars . When will there be a demand for car free zones at schools ?	disagree	sarc
It has been shown that animals change biologically without the need for RM + NS .	Codswallop . Nothing of the sort has been shown . It has been asserted without evidence .	disagree	sarc
They were both created on the sixth day according to Genesis 1 .	True , God created Adam , then he created Eve out of one of Adam 's ribs . All in one day .	agree	sarc
It 's a result of Dr. Pepper , Cheetos , microwave popcorn , macaroni and cheese , hot dogs , pretzels , gum drops , high fructose corn syrup , flavors , colorings , transfats etc etc etc ... ... .	Make up your mind . Is it because of diet or is it because of evolution . It would be nice if you pick a horse and ride it .	disagree	sarc
Faced with an increasingly vocal populace that is questioning evolution , museums across the United States have begun training their staff and volunteers to become better proponents of evolution while tripping up “irrational” supporters of the Bible’s history of Earth .	Damn straight it 's irrational .	agree	sarc
Talk about begging the question ! I do n't want your gun , and if such a law were passed it 's not my job to enforce the law .	I see you are willing to violate my constitutional rights yet you expect someone else to do your dirty work ... . How typical .	disagree	sarc
** No , it is not . No-one who fits the description I 've just given is exempt . And it does not have to be a `` conspiracy '' , since the evangelical atheist movement is actually quite open and unapologetic about their agendum . No conspiracy there .	See above . I do n't see any of those listed above having any influence over the millions of other scientists out there that must be complicit in order for your generalizations to hold water . `` Evangelical atheist '' , nice term by the way , it 's no `` truthiness '' but it might catch on .	disagree	sarc
An inactive GULO indicates that the species has external sources of vitamin C which is essential to many metabolic processes ... ..	And ? How is that different than what I said ? I simply am saying that there 's a reason it 's active or if it 's not ... .and the reason is diet . If the diet changes in humans , for instance , there may very well be a change in this . Who knows . SS : So at this point we have humans and other primates both consuming diets high in vitamin C , and both containing “defective” genomes that are unmutated . This is simply the result of eating fruits from the onset of creation , thus not requiring a mutation to create vitamin C internally . Nope the defective gene is itself a mutation of the active form of the enzyme . And the mutation to the defective gene would occurr at random but would only be inherited in linages which have external sources of C in their diet . It is not necessarily the case that such a mutation would occurr in every species with high vit C intake please note . Why are you calling this gene `` defective ? '' It 's not defective . And are you telling me that it 's humans and primates who have mutated -- and not animals that do n't consume diets of vitamin C ? ?	neutral	sarc
Is Sarah Palin being a manly sort when she shoots a wolf from a helicopter ?	Dealing with a designated nuisance species is n't the same thing as hunting . It 's wildlife management .	disagree	notsarc
I would love to see more discussion of views that are in between the two extremes of abortion illegal at all times , and abortion allowed at all times . My own view is between the two , closer to the pro-choice side .	Yes , it is interesting how we draw an arbitary `` legal line in the sand '' with regards to determining how late into a pregnancy an elective abortion is available .	agree	notsarc
Of course , no species of coelacanth living today is like the ones found in the fossil record . The fossil coelacanths are small , freshwater fish . The ones living today are large , deep ocean fish . The whole creationist position on coelacanths is based on the misconception that these fish have not evolved . But they are greatly evolved from their ancestors .	Phil S : Does n't it get tedious seeing the same creationist arguments rehashed over & amp ; over again ? Willful ignorance is so irritating . A person has to pray very hard to keep their mind closed to anything they might learn from these debates .	agree	sarc
Abortion exists as an option because no one wants to pay via tax to raise other people 's children , but conversley they do n't want to see abandoned dead infants out on the road side being picked apart by local wildlife . Pro-life have this problem you see -- they do n't want to pay for other people 's babies but they do n't want abortion / baby corpses out on the road either .	Do you realize that there was a time when abortion was illegal and that dead infants were not just lining the streets . Stop with straw-man arguments that you hold so dear .	disagree	sarc
I found it interesting that you got your information from talkorigins.com . They totally do not know what they are talking about ... . Other articles employ what is known as the `` straw man '' argument tactic , i.e . using an argument that can be easily refuted and one that is not held by anyone .	And this is known as an ad hominem . What is wrong with the information that I presented in my first post in this thread ? Going off on tangents about SNR 's and information theory may be good topics for another thread , but they are n't helping you here .	disagree	notsarc
Mankind succesfully creates religion and the idea of a `` god '' or higher being or creator and such . Man is not a product of `` god '' but rather `` god '' is a product of mankind ! ! ! the idea of god was a result of a wandering and curious mind that lacked the technology to gain information about the universe that he lives in , and nothing more . The bible the same thing , a collection of ideas and stories brought up by a wondering human mind that lacked info and the tech need to gain it ! ! !	You mean you equate the Bible with your own theory ? ( which is lacking information ) .	disagree	sarc
By definition , scientific enquiry arrives at hypotheses after gathering evidence from observations and experiment . Any law , knowledge , etc . that is arrived at by scientific method is open to modification or falsification if new evidence comes to light that must be taken into account . All science in this sense is provisional .	Sigh . You defend your version of science by re-stating the definition of your version of science . That is circular reasoning . If you read anything on the history of science you will know that your version is but one of many . Isaac Newton sought out the hand of God , through science . He is a prime example of what I mean . He thought differently about science than you ... as science could be used as a tool for furthering his understanding of God .	disagree	sarc
What asshattery ! This was addressed . Freud thinks : `` A fear of weapons is a sign of retarded sexual and emotional maturity '' -Sigmund Freud , `` General Introduction to Psychoanalysis '' I cut and paste , research raw data post raw data to backup my claims . You misrepresent cases . Use this Besilles collective right theory , cut and paste XXXX form victim disarmament , anti civil rights groups and hide your true colors of wanting to ban all guns . At least on my side WE ARE CLEAR in our goals ... .. BTW am I correct that YOU DO NOT EVEN LIVE IN THE US ANYMORE ? ! ? ! ?	And there is the difference . The postings I was particularly speaking of have to do with court decisions ( such as Cruikshank ) where hlaf a paragraph , entirely out of context , is quoted to support the anti-gun viewpoint . I have looked at the major anti-gun web pages , I recognise a cut and paste job when I see one . Cutting and pasting a bunch of statistics is one thing , doing the same and making it your entire argument is ignorant .	neutral	sarc
One of the dictionary definitions for anarchy is clearly negative : `` Political disorder and confusion . ''	And the other two ... ?	neutral	sarc
Just as people have their views on this forum , parents have their views out there , and if a parent does not want their kid to learn about evolution because they believe in creationism , I think a parent has that right .	But most creationists think that it is OK to force their views on everyone by requiring creationism , their religion , to be taught in school . Actually , the public schools have the obligation to teach current science - the best answers that we have today . Today , the United States ranks near the bottom in the knowledge of science and math of graduating secondary school children . Only in our universities do we begin to do the job . But check out the number of foreign teachers we have in our universities . We are doing such a bad job that we have to go elsewhere to find adequately trained individuals .	disagree	sarc
3 ) if you try to stop it , you wo n't . you will just put it back on the street ( much like drugs ) doctors will be preforming back alley abortions .	Much used and abused argument . Ca n't really be proven or disproven until it is tested , so I am not sure there is an argument . This is dramaticized by Hollywood leftists in movies and TV , so it has become this seemingly powerful point . Still not seeing where millions of children should be punished for the likely much fewer women who will seek abortion if it is made illegal .	disagree	sarc
This is your refutation of logic and the English language ?	This is your refutation to science and evidence ; to simply re-state your position . Mach , this is turning into a war of attrition , to see who gives up posting first . I have , however evidence on my side . You have opinion ; and you actually state that evidence will not persuade you !	disagree	sarc
How it so called proven ?	Via something called `` evidence '' . It is something that a creationist will never have come across , thus explaining why you are unaware of it .	disagree	sarc
Many legal analysts predict that Chicago 's handgun ban is done for .	And it is .	agree	notsarc
Come back when you learn the difference between climate and weather .	What was the difference , in climate terms , between 1400AD and 1600AD ?	neutral	notsarc
However , I do think a legislature could legitimately establish a preference in this area , and if they did , it would be up to the court to enforce that preference .	Yes , that 's true , the legislature very well could . I should have clarified that I do n't think that it would be proper for the legislature to do that .	agree	notsarc
Private citizens carrying out background checks on private citizens is a bad idea . You very well could be opening up the doors to abuse by the ATF against regular people . We all know how the ATF will revoke a license if there 's a single comma out of place , just imagine what they 'd do to Joe Average if the purchaser failed to check one of the 26 boxes of Form 4473 .	But private citizens run background checks on other citizens all the time . I rent property . I make sure my tenants are n't felons before I lease anything . I worked in fraud prevention for 5 years . They ran a background check on me to make sure I was n't a fraudster . It is n't the law , its just a smart thing to do . There would n't be any forms or anything even indicating why you are running their background . You just run an SSN and instantly find out if you can legally sell them a weapon . Again , this is n't something I believe should be law . The law is clear : it is a felony to sell a firearm to a convicted felon . It is just something I personally would choose to do if I did n't know the buyer I was selling to ...	disagree	notsarc
The only five possibilities for ultimate meaning and values are : atheism - ( no God ) humanism - ( man as God ) polytheism - ( many gods ) pantheism - ( one immanent God ) theism - ( one transcendent God - Genesis 1 )	But you have dodged the question ? My specific question that I would like you to answer is why do n't you believe in the Buddhist god , Buddha ? And guess what , meaning and values have nothing to do with a god or not , my values are based on what I think is right . I do n't see that there .	disagree	sarc
I wonder if Kenneth Miller will see the movie , and comment on it . I wonder if he 'd have refused to be a part of it .	He did n't refuse because the filmmakers specifically avoided having him a part of it . ( Why , because it would `` confuse '' the viewers . Of course it would confuse the viewers : Miller is disproof of the entire concept of atheistic bias in science ! ) If they approached him with the lie that the project was for `` Crossroads , '' I bet he 'd have agreed . If they 'd been honest and told him that it was a smearing propaganda piece ... well , what do you think , oh-so-informed-viewer ? You must never get tired of making stupid arguments and having your points eviscerated , marc . See you tomorrow .	neutral	sarc
`` Obviously it would be difficult for any committee to double-check every allegation made in the intense controversy over Professor Bellesiles’ book , Arming America . The book is over 400 pages long and has over 120 pages of footnotes . Even the relatively small segment of the book we have been asked to review—the probate records and militia counts—involves complex materials scattered over many jurisdictions . We can not claim to have undertaken a comprehensive review of every source in question . But we have done our best to review the major points at issue and to arrive at an independent judgment . '' http : //www.emory.edu/central/NEWS/Re ... nal_Report.pdf	Yes , and their final report was essentially that , while they did not review every piece of data used in the book , every single piece that they did review had been falsified or tapmered with .	agree	notsarc
Certainly most people accept 'evolution ' per se . The OP stats for the USA , I suspect , apply not to 'evolution ' in se , but rather to the darwinian RMNS explanation for it . Whether that is the case or not , there is absolutely no law in science that a person doing a certain job has to pay more than lip service to any metaphysical postulate seemingly required for the job . If RC priests can spend their adult lives saying mass , hearing confessions , and buggering little boys , then its no big deal for biologists , let alone any other scientist , to just pay the required obsequities to RMNS , stuff it on a mental back-shelf , and just get on with what they do everyday .	And this is relevent how ?	neutral	sarc
I am personally saddened that the Pope would take the words of fallible man above the Word of God for whom he serves . Is this not putting man 's word ( who was n't there ) above God 's Word ( who was there ) ? I am just thankful that we have ministries like AiG and ICR who stand up for God 's Word - The Bible - and defend it from the very first verse .	Really , well , the pope sees it differently , what do you want me to do about it ? AiG and ICR defend dogma in contradiction to reality , you like that ? Not surprising . -Mach	disagree	notsarc
That would most likely ( imo ) reduce the number of abortions performed . It would depend , I think , on how viable it is to transfer the embryo into the artificial womb . Forced surgery would not be an option if I had anything to do about it .	What if the surgery for transferring the embryo/fetus would be equal in difficulty , risk , etc . to having an abortion ? There would then be no extra physical cost incurred in keeping the embryo/fetus alive . What would be the reasons , in such a case , to keep abortion as an option ?	disagree	notsarc
That would be beating the bejesus out of a kid as opposed to teaching him or her how to govern his or her impulses by themselves .	I was hit and grounded when I was a kid . I turned out fine . But it looks to me like your parents did n't believe in corporal punishment . Thats why you have your attitude .	disagree	sarc
I have only seen 1 source to back up the Bush assumption that his girlfriend had an abortion .	Yet Bush 's military record is downright questionable , as well as his Saudi Links , not to mention his business failures .	neutral	notsarc
That 's a badge of honor , IMO .	Because ... 1 ) that Texas has a higher rate of violent crime ? 2 ) that Texas fails to prevent such crimes ? 3 ) that Texas sees a huge fisical deficit from such cases ? Strange sense of honor you got there .	disagree	sarc
Have you ever noticed that there are some gay couples that seem to bypass all the hate and ignorance of the anti-gay movement ... couples like Ray Horn and life partner , the guy that was Oprah 's designer and his life mate , and sometimes Ellen Degeneres ? Why do these people get treated well overall and not lumped into that `` but he/she 's gay '' group ? It 's good that these people are in the world and showing people that gay does n't mean sick or abnormal . Anyone else ever notice this ?	Oh and let us not forget the wonderful couples of just a generation or two ago . Johnny Mathis and partner , Edwin August partner to Jack Kerrigan , Gareth Hughes , producer Ryszard Ordynski and play set designer George James Hopkins , stage actors Franklin Pangborn and Edward Everett Horton and oh so many more . Some were indeed wonderful , some were leturous playboys who moved with the `` Gay '' crowds . But never were they shunned or their careers ruined because of it . In fact , some of their careers flourished because of their associations .	neutral	notsarc
Not really , this case was different in that the state was the guardian . Although I am sure it has happened before . As for three reasons ... 1 ) The state of Florida does n't believe a 13 yr old can have sex ( consent ) so why couold she be able to cosent to an abortion ? 2 ) The State is the guardian and they should be able to say where she can and ca n't go as a parent would be able to do ... .and the state has a law against taking kids to abortion clinics . 3 ) ABORTION IS KILLING A KID . Maybe that does n't matter for most : -/	Right , the state must protect a minor that by thier age of concent laws has been raped by forcing her to under go a physical truma to her body 7 times more likley to permantly damage her than the alternative proceedure that would completly slove the whole problem and then said state expects this thirteen year old girl to then become wholy responsible for what is now an autonomus life when the state deems she 's not even old enough to have leagaly made such life in the first place . I said practical .	disagree	sarc
So then you believe the 2nd amendment guarantees an individual right ?	And you never answered and just moved on with your confusing , conflicting facts and positions . what then is your position The collective argument has been proven lacking at best a downright lie to be more accurate ! ! ! : I posted : This is the source of the anti-gunner , Civil rights violators claim to a collective right to keep and bear arms over an individuals.. Riding a dead horse indeed ! http : //opinionjournal.com/columnist ... l/ ? id=110004653 Bellesiles Misfires An antigun `` scholar '' as today 's Galileo ? Oh please , just shoot me . BY KIMBERLEY A. STRASSEL Friday , February 6 , 2004 12:01 a.m. EST History has its fair share of persecuted geniuses , men who were ahead of their time and made to pay for it . There 's the hemlocked Socrates , the house-arrested Galileo , the exiled Rousseau . And to this list of giants it seems that we are now expected to add the name of Michael Bellesiles . Mr. Bellesiles is the former Emory professor who shook the scholarly world in 2000 with his book `` Arming America . '' An academic bombshell , the tome went against long-held beliefs by claiming that few colonial Americans actually owned guns . This set off a riotous public debate over whether the Second Amendment was designed to protect individual gun rights . Mr. Bellesiles was showered with prizes and media praise , becoming an instant academic star . That is , until his peers started looking into that little thing called research . Reputable scholars in the ensuing months tore apart his work on probate and military records , travel narratives , and other documents . Mr. Bellesiles , when asked to explain , provided ever-more outlandish excuses : that his notes had been lost in a flood , that his Web site had been hacked , that he could n't remember where he 'd found certain documents . The officials of the prestigious Bancroft Prize stripped him of his award , he left Emory and Knopf chose to stop publishing his book . Most of us sighed happily and figured that was the end of that academic scandal . But oh , no . It turns out that Mr. Bellesiles is still riding his dead horse , his nonexistent guns still blazing . Soft Skull Press ( which takes pride in putting out books that other publishers avoid like ricin ) has not only agreed to reissue `` Arming America '' but has decided to release Mr. Bellesiles 's latest response to his critics . This 59-page pamphlet , `` Weighed in an Even Balance , '' is a spirited attempt by Mr. Bellesiles to turn himself into the world 's latest misunderstood genius . As such , it 's worth reading for pure entertainment value . Much of the booklet is a repeat of the professor 's creative excuses and dissembling . He explains again about the flood and helpfully assures us that he is not an agent of the Zionist Occupational Government ( though surely that is why the Bancroft panel took away his prize , right ? ) . He does acknowledge a few errors , but only after pointing out that `` even the finest scholars . . . make mistakes . '' As proof , he cites one blooper in esteemed historian David McCullough 's 1,120-page biography of Harry Truman . But the most amusing parts of the pamphlet are those meant to support our scholar 's belief that he is up against a stubborn world that refuses to open its mind to the truth . And his sense of persecution and righteousness is very much on display . The very title of his book is taken from Job : `` Let me be weighed in an even balance , that God may known mine integrity . '' And that 's just for starters . The pamphlet is sprinkled with quotations from thoughtful men , all meant to back up Mr. Bellesiles 's argument that he is fighting the good fight . We hear from Isaiah Berlin : `` Few things have done more harm than the belief on the part of individuals or groups . . . that he or she or they are in sole possession of the truth . '' One epigraph recounts that in the 16th century , Oxford used to fine any student who diverged from the teachings of Aristotle . We are clearly meant to envision a feisty Mr. Bellesiles handing over his shillings to the dons . We are treated to lecturing tracts about the benefits of scholarly disagreement , the complex nature of historical research and the need for academic exploration . And finally , in case readers still are n't getting his drift , Mr. Bellesiles sums it all up in his conclusion : `` There are those who rest their very identity on the notion of a certain , unchanging past . The vision that society is unalterable is not just incorrect , it is dangerously undemocratic , and as such should be of concern to every modern historian . '' In fact , the academic world is hardly a monolothic creature that resists all change . If it were , we 'd still be trying to explain how the sun moves around the Earth . Most historians and scientists are wise enough to realize that new discoveries or interpretations hold out opportunity . But before they completely cast aside mountains of research , they usually demand some proof . Mr. Bellesiles 's problem is n't that he 's misunderstood ; it 's that he still has n't given them any . Or as the old saying goes : `` To be a persecuted genius , you not only have to be persecuted ; you also have to be right . '' Ms. Strassel is a senior editorial page writer for The Wall Street Journal .	neutral	sarc
Science has lead us astray for decades , and now it 's coming back to bite them .	I see . So you actually reject all of science and still are willing to use a computer and the Internet . Do n't you know that you are being led astray by your IBM processor ?	disagree	sarc
In this case , I have to agree with you . We 're talking about the most absolute bizarrely liberal ( to the point of absurdity ) place in the country . The idea of 'rights ' has gotten dog-gone crazy there . . . they even regulate the nutritional content of food for pets , and require dog-houses have raised floors in them . They 've basically done away with a number of illegal drug laws . They 're working to BAN handgun ownership altogether . ( One has to wonder how we can take their insistence of gay marriage as being constitutional seriously when they are trying to completely ignore the 2nd Amendment ! ) Despite their liberal regulatory fanaticism , it 's actually a very beautiful place to visit !	It use to be a beautiful city and great liberty for a navy man ... ... ... ... ... .I was at Treasure Island in the early sixties waiting for a flight from Travis AFB to Subic bay in the PI ... ... .Spent a week there ... .Had a great time ... ... ... You would not recognize the place now ... ... ... .	neutral	notsarc
Charming , one of yours I imagine ? Finally , a reasonable argument for abortion on demand .	Ca n't be one of hers . That 's not a trailer kitchen .	neutral	sarc
Evolution it seems can contain tautology , mutually exclusive theory , and redundant terminologies..	My response , included this quote , which is what it was in response to . Evolution most certainly does n't `` contain '' these things , given the widely accepted definition of evolution that I posted..and that you 've read countless times on this same forum . So no , I 'm not mixed up . I am `` curious '' however , why you 're now saying that you are arguing that a tautology is a tautology ? It seems ... misleading the way you try to broaden the tautology of one phrase , to all of evolution , as seen in your statement `` evolution contains tautology '' . Again , I think it 's lack of clarity , possibly intential lack of clarity , in favor of casting doubt on the theory of evolution . Which of course , is n't being debated in science , on the whole . It is being debated by religious people , but that 's to defend a dogma , not to understand the world through rational belief . -Mach	disagree	notsarc
I am fairly certain no `` afterlife '' exists .	Been there , done that , right ? I wish I could die and come back to life like that .	neutral	sarc
And there it is in black and off-white : you ca n't find any fault with common descent or evolution , so you shoehorn in something to which evolution does not speak .	And ID does not speak of a designer .	disagree	sarc
This would also explain why evolutionists can not give us any example of random mutations that could lead to cumulative selection -- because they do n't exist .	Besides the hundreds of cases in which such things are directly observed , I guess you’re right .	agree	notsarc
The Pro-Choice Democrats do n't love born people that much , either . Our representatives are signed , sealed and delivered over to the health insurance industry . Displayed concern just a vehicle for ruthless , driven greed and profit .	Just so ! ! We are witnessing an arrogant display of the power that money has over the Congress in Big Health 's attempt to scuttle health care reform . My two Blue Dog Democratic Senators refuse to stick their necks out and take a stand . If JFK were writing today , he would have a new book called Profiles in Cowardice , and my two Senators would make up the first two chapters .	neutral	notsarc
It is a matter of Christ or death . That is what it boils down to when we become mature enough to move all the war rhetoric aside .	Whey do you think you will be that mature . Let us know . In the mean time , your constant superstitions delusions based on ancient mythology are boring .	neutral	sarc
If the child is to be born into a poverty stricken part of the world and is expected to die by the age of 7 by either disease or lack of food , why not spare pain and abort ?	Hey ! Let 's murder hanicapped people ! Their health will deteriorate and probably will die in pain later on , so let 's just rip of their limbs without them knowing ! Eh ? Sounds good ?	disagree	sarc
the simplest organism is the most effective so how did slightly more complex organisms out-compete simple fast-growing ones ?	You do n't have to be the best organism to survive . You just have to be good ENOUGH .	disagree	notsarc
Court : Seattle police OK to stun pregnant woman By GENE JOHNSON & # 8232 ; ASSOCIATED PRESS WRITER SEATTLE -- Three Seattle police officers were justified when they used a stun gun on a pregnant mother who refused to sign a traffic ticket , a federal appeals court ruled Friday in a case that prompted an incredulous dissent . Malaika Brooks was driving her son to Seattle 's African American Academy in 2004 when she was stopped for doing 32 mph in a school zone . She insisted it was the car in front of her that was speeding , and refused to sign the ticket because she thought she 'd be admitting guilt . Rather than give her the ticket and let her go on her way , the officers decided to arrest her . One reached in , turned off her car and dropped the keys on the floor . Brooks stiffened her arms against the steering wheel and told the officers she was pregnant , but refused to get out , even after they threatened to stun her . The officers - Sgt . Steven Daman , Officer Juan Ornelas and Officer Donald Jones - then stunned her three times , in the thigh , shoulder and neck , and hauled her out of the car , laying her face-down in the street . Brooks gave birth to a healthy baby two months later , but has permanent scars from the Taser . She sued the officers for violating her constitutional rights , and U.S. District Judge Richard Jones allowed the case to continue . He declined to grant the officers immunity for performing their official duties and said Brooks ' rights were clearly violated . But in a 2-1 ruling Friday , a panel of the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals disagreed . Judges Cynthia Holcomb Hall and Diarmuid F. O'Scannlain held that the officers were justified in making an arrest because Brooks was obstructing them and resisting arrest . The use of force was also justified because of the threat Brooks posed , Hall wrote : `` It seems clear that Brooks was not going to be able to harm anyone with her car at a moment 's notice . Nonetheless , some threat she might retrieve the keys and drive off erratically remained , particularly given her refusal to leave the car and her state of agitation . '' They also noted that the force used was n't that serious because the Taser was in `` touch '' mode rather than `` dart '' mode , which hurts more . They reversed the lower court 's opinion and held that the officers were entitled to immunity from the lawsuit . The officers ' lawyers , Ted Buck and Karen Cobb , said the officers made the right decision under the circumstances they faced . `` Police officers have to have the ability to compel people to obey their lawful orders , '' Buck said . That 's all the court recognized today . The 9th Circuit just applied the law instead of getting caught up in the otherwise unfortunate factual circumstances . '' The majority 's opinion outraged Judge Marsha Berzon , who called it `` off the wall . '' `` I fail utterly to comprehend how my colleagues are able to conclude that it was objectively reasonable to use any force against Brooks , let alone three activations of a Taser , in response to such a trivial offense , '' she wrote . She argued that under Washington law , the officers had no authority to take Brooks into custody : Failure to sign a traffic infraction is not an arrestable offense , and it 's not illegal to resist an unlawful arrest . Berzon said the majority 's notion that Brooks obstructed officers was so far-fetched that even the officers themselves did n't make that legal argument . To obstruct an officer , one must obstruct the officer 's official duties , and the officers ' only duties in this case were to detain Brooks long enough to identify her , check for warrants , write up the citation and give it to her . Brooks ' failure to sign did not interfere with those duties , she said . Furthermore , Brooks posed no apparent threat , and the officers could not have known how stunning her would affect the fetus , or whether it might prompt premature labor - another reason their actions were inexcusable , Berzon said . Brooks ' lawyer , Eric Zubel , said he would ask the 9th Circuit to rehear the case . `` This is outrageous - that something like this could happen to a pregnant woman , in front of an elementary school , at 8:30 in the morning , to someone who posed no threat whatsoever , '' he said .	For anti-choicers , it 's just about control and power over women . They do n't care about life . ( Except their own . ) This same mother could be a person who did n't have access to pre-natal care . They would n't defend that right either . Because they DO N'T care about the fetus . They do n't care about life . They do n't care about health . They care about power and money and pushing people around . That 's all .	neutral	notsarc
Men should n't be deciding because they ca n't get pregnant after being raped .	Actually they ca n't ever get pregnant .	neutral	sarc
They 'll show up whenever they 're good and ready . The life of an individual is n't first priority to the police .	Until you have chosen to stand in uniform between the criminal element and the law abiding in our communities ; until you have felt the anguish of attending a funeral service for a fallen brother , until you have felt the helplessness and shed tears resulting from an inability to prevent someone from seeing harm ; until you have stood upon our streets and offered service in defense against those that would seek to do others harm ; you have no ground on which to stand in making such comments ! ! ! Law enforcement , as a whole , exhibits a love of community that few can even comprehend . Every day we place ourselves in harms way , in the hope that we can prevent some of the evil that lurks in our world . We do this by choice . No one has forced us into this position . We do this because we are of a breed that is able and willing to fight in the face of evil . We do this knowing that it is unlikely that we will win this war , but that it is the fight which matters . Our reward for such service ? ? Last year , my net income was a little over $ 42,000 . We are constantly berated by a public that has no real comprehension of what we struggle with on a daily basis . We are often held in contempt by many , for life and death decisions we make in a split second with little or unreliable information . Our families are often victims of the stresses created by our chosen profession . I have encountered grief over the evils of man that you and many others have no way of even imagining.DO NOT sit safely behind your keyboard , and pretend that you have some insight into what we think and feel , until you are prepared to stand where I have stood for the past twelve years . Justin	disagree	sarc
Yea , and so is gardening . Both are `` murdering '' living things . Both do not mentally exist . A strand of DNA is the only difference , which is n't very much .	So what do you think about the fact that this baby is much younger and smaller and far less developed than many of those who are aborted ? While this baby 21 week baby is living in one hospital room , down the hall a 22/23/24/25/26 ect week baby is being aborted because it was in the wrong place at the wrong time .	disagree	sarc
Is it not even remotely possible that Bush is n't `` perfect '' ?	Not once have I said he is perfect . But when people criticize things that I either know are false or I do n't agree with , I will back him up . Just like people back up Kerry . I will remember that when you try to defend anyone .	neutral	notsarc
I did n't misunderstand you at all . Like I said , you are for persecuting religious people if they do n't agree 100 % with you .	Is it only religious people who insite violence and hatred toward gays ? NO ! You 're attempting , weakly at that , to jump on the Frist-train by saying hes persecuting religious people . As if religious people are being singled out .	neutral	sarc
So the ultimate answer comes down to your own convictions , knowledge , and experiences . Leaving the answer to the life long mystery as to `` Why are we here ? '' up to the individual he or she must find the answer themself .	So the ultimate answer to whether or not the sun exists comes down to convictions . And you feel it 's just as likely that it does exist , vs does n't exist ? If no , and you think it 's more likely that the sun does indeed exist , then you 're , I 'm guessing here , ultimately contradicting yourself . Truth has nothing to do with conviction , to claim it does is unethical . If you killed my brother and you were completely and utterly convinced that he killed himself , I 'm sorry Black Phoenix , you 're not off the hook . How inhuman can one get ! ! ? Yes , you should arrive at the answer yourself , but the answer about reality is n't dependant on your wishes or convictions . -Mach	neutral	sarc
SIOUX FALLS , S.D . — In the fight to preserve the toughest abortion ban in the nation , the talk is not of a fetus ' right to life . It 's of a woman 's right to motherhood . Antiabortion activists here deliberately avoid the familiar slogans of their movement . They do n't talk about the `` murder of innocent babies '' or quote the Bible on the sanctity of life . Instead , campaign manager Leslee Unruh has taken what she calls a feminist approach , arguing that legalized abortion exploits women and — for their sake — must be stopped . ADVERTISEMENT The bumper stickers and T-shirts that fill campaign headquarters spell out her message , in pink and blue : `` Abortion Hurts Women . '' `` We women buy the choice line . We 're panicked , or we 're being pressured , or we 're ashamed to have a child outside marriage , '' Unruh said . She speaks from personal experience ; she had an abortion nearly 30 years ago and said her life since has been darkened with regret and longing . `` If you do n't do your job right as a mother , '' Unruh asked , `` what good is everything else ? '' Abortion-rights supporters call such rhetoric patronizing and presumptuous ; they say many women find that ending unwanted pregnancies brings relief and the freedom to pursue other dreams . But they acknowledge that Unruh 's tactic is effective — and that it has thrown their campaign off balance . `` Historically , this debate has been focused on fetal rights , fetal life . We have a lot of language about that , '' said Sarah Stoesz , president and chief executive of Planned Parenthood of Minnesota and North and South Dakota . `` This adds an element we 're not accustomed to . It 's a different line of debate . And that is something we struggle with politically . '' The ban , passed overwhelmingly by the South Dakota Legislature in February , makes it a felony to help any woman terminate a pregnancy at any stage , unless an abortion is necessary to prevent her death . Women would not face criminal charges , but their doctors could get up to five years in prison . Rather than challenge the law in court , Planned Parenthood chose to put it to a public referendum , gambling that people would vote to repeal it on Nov. 7 . ( South Dakota law permits interest groups to refer legislation to the ballot if they can collect enough signatures . ) If voters reject the ban , abortion-rights advocates hope it will deter states such as Ohio , Indiana , Missouri , Georgia and Rhode Island , which have been considering similar measures . If the ban is upheld , Planned Parenthood will challenge it in court . Antiabortion leaders would welcome that battle . They hope the U.S. Supreme Court will use the case to overturn Roe vs. Wade , the 1973 ruling that found a constitutional right to abortion . Both sides call this election crucial and are putting out urgent appeals to raise millions of dollars for the fight . But if this is the frontline of the abortion wars , the guns sound oddly muted . Attuned to the values of this very conservative state , abortion-rights activists have decided not to make a stand on a woman 's right to choose . The big poster outside their campaign headquarters makes a much milder point : `` This law simply goes too far . '' One of their TV ads starts out : `` South Dakotans agree , honor and protect human life . '' The ad goes on to affirm support for reducing the number of abortions , but argues that the law is too inflexible . The only exception in the law states physicians will not be prosecuted for procedures `` intended to prevent the death of a pregnant mother . '' Even then , however , doctors must try their best to save `` the life of her unborn child . '' A provision allows women to use the morning-after pill , which can prevent pregnancy if taken within 72 hours of sex . But under South Dakota law , pharmacists are not required to dispense the pill — or refer women to a pharmacy that will . And the Legislature has repeatedly voted down a bill to require emergency rooms to stock the contraceptive . Walking a neighborhood of gracious homes the other day to rally voters against the law , Emma Tupper , 20 , made just one pitch , again and again . `` Our main concern is the lack of exception for rape and incest , '' she said . Some residents nodded and pledged to vote against the ban . Nearly as many politely said they would support it . `` Even if there 's no exception for rape and incest ? '' Tupper asked one elderly man . `` I 've looked at the bill pretty closely , and I feel comfortable with my decision , '' he replied , and closed the door . Tupper — who came from Seattle to work on this campaign — walked on , crunching through drifts of yellow leaves . `` It 's a tough state , '' she said . An independent Mason-Dixon poll in June found voters opposed to the ban , 47 % to 39 % . But a Zogby International survey last month , commissioned by an antiabortion group in Washington , D.C. , found that gap had narrowed to 47 % to 44 % . In another unsettling sign for abortion-rights supporters , four Republican state senators who opposed the ban lost their seats in the primary election this summer . `` I do n't know if I want to say we have a lot of momentum , '' said Jan Nicolay , a former Republican legislator working to overturn the ban .	Like they said in the article , you can have a campaign against marrige because it hurts women because of domestic abusers , you can say the baseball hurts men , because many of them get hurt . But most of the time its a great thing . Why then , would you suggest something so abusrd as to abortion hurts women . Most of the time , abortion lets women let go of that big weight thats holding them back and prusue their dreams , and live a happy life . Since when has AntiAbortionists cared about women ? Can someone fill me in here ?	disagree	sarc
I stand corrected on the temperature of space . 2.78 Kelvin translates into -454 F. And I suppose it 's possible that something could survive ( but not likely ) . No matter what , entropy on earth would increase . Glad you like the link . Check out `` Things creationists hate '' . It 's excellent .	I like . I have always liked this line of evidence too , but I always forget about it in the fog of war : http : //members.aol.com/darrwin/vestigial.htm # babies	agree	sarc
that exposure to a gun can raise testosterone levels and trigger violent and aggressive thoughts and actions ?	It 's a bunch of bull**** , another attempt at a causation/correlation bait and switch tactic without any evidence to back it up . There are plenty of people who have constant access to firearms , and yet never display violent tendencies . You really should be careful about posting nonsense like this . If your article has any validity , it would be grounds for disarming the police , since them having access to guns would make them more violent towards the people , and more likely to kill innocent bystanders .	disagree	sarc
The New Haven , CT plant that produced the Gun That Won The West closed . The venerable Winchester line of guns is no more , despite a heroic two month effort to find a buyer . I have a hard time believing someone will not try to resurrect the name , but perhaps it 's best to let it die away . Certainly , it should not suffer its name on inferior product lines . We 've allowed other great names , like Spencer , to become extinct . But what exactly killed it ? Just another American manufacturer unable to compete ?	Lots of makers are still churning out lever action rifles . I am sad to see Winchester closed , but sad feelings is not a good financial reason to keep a poorly run company open .	neutral	notsarc
From a Biological standpoint life begins at the moment of conception . So abortion is in fact killing off life . Have any of you ever seen a partial birth abortion ?	Actually your arguement should follow have you ever seen an aborted 2 week old embryo	disagree	sarc
seems atheism has been disproven as well ... .	Thats well known to be an observational artifact .	neutral	sarc
How Darwin 's `` strongest single class of facts '' -- the early vertebrate embryos -- shows the opposite of what he thought it showed	Even if this vague claim were true , would it weaken evolutionary theory ? No .	neutral	sarc
1 ) It 's hardly `` solved '' .Same-sex marriage is not legal in France . As of 2006 , one same-sex marriage ceremony has been conducted in France and was declared void . France has a statute authorizing civil unions , known as PACS , between same-sex and unmarried opposite-sex couples . Same-sex marriage was an issue in the 2007 presidential election , with the Conservative UMP opposing it and the Socialist Party supporting it , though both candidates support civil unions ( PACS ) . ... . On June 5 , 2004 , former Green Party presidential candidate Noël Mamère , Mayor of the Bordeaux suburb of Bègles , conducted a same-sex marriage ceremony for two men , Bertrand Charpentier and Stéphane Chapin . Mamère claimed that there was nothing in French law to prohibit such a ceremony , and that he would appeal any challenge to the European Court of Human Rights . French Justice Minister Dominique Perben had stated that such unions would be legally void , and called for judicial intervention to halt the ceremony.Same-sex marriage in France - Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia What France has is `` well , both the blacks and the whites can enter by the side-door , but only the whites can enter by the main door '' We would n't find such an `` acommodation '' satisfactory for blacks . And furthermore , I think you would find that it 's the ANTI-GAYS who have the problem with this . If Obama is able to try to put up `` civil unions '' on the federal level , you can bet dollars to doughnuts it will be the religious right who fight him . Not the gays ...	If same sex couples are offered equal rights under a PACS ( or some other legally recognized union ) as married couples , why does it matter which `` door '' they come in through ? They get all the same benefits , including the benefits that come when one partner dies . What 's the beef ... except that you ca n't say that you 're `` married '' ?	neutral	notsarc
A consequence of the pro-choice position would mean the man does n't pay child support unless he wants to . It is irrelevant who carries the child . Maybe he is not ready for a child ... this is the same excuse allowable for women under the pro-choice argument . So he should n't have to pay it if he does n't want to . In fact , alimony she go the same way under the pro-choice thinking . If not then you just look like a hypocrite .	I believe you can relinquish the child support responsibility if you also relinquish parental rights . Complicated stuff - kind of going through it right now as we are working on revoking my son 's bilogocal father 's parental rights . Once that is done I can not pursue him for support . Plus , plenty of dads do it the easy way , do n't pay , do n't care and disappear .	neutral	notsarc
You 're an extremist of the most dangerous kind Brady , and you have lost all credibility as an objective concerned citizen who is seeking balanced gun policies . You have an anti-constitutional agenda that works to disarm honest people in favor of criminals who will never obey the laws to disarm if you ever succeeded in you goals . In my opinion , you and your ilk are as dangerous a threat to America as the terrorists who have openly vowed to destroy us .	so a person that doesnt want children to have machine guns and 50caliber weapons is an antigun extremist ? Id hate to know what you think a moderate is .	disagree	sarc
Cumbria shootings : gunman Derrick Bird kills 12 then shoots himself - Telegraph Top that .	Easily :	disagree	sarc
Another thing that is quite clear ( or at least should be ) is that there will never be a way to `` fight '' TOE with God - it 's just not gon na happen ... ever . TOE is chocked full of logical , reasonable , and , for the most part , valid scientific data . There is no logic in belief whatsoever .	I was unaware that chocked full and non-existant were synonomous , learn something new everyday . I agree , who would believe in dino to birds after reading this , an XXXXX ? Wrong answer , an evolutionist would . I guess those are synonyms as well . Just so you ca n't say I took it out of context here is Dr. Olsen 's letter in it 's entirety . National Museum of Natural History Smithsonian Institution Washington , D. C. 20560 1 November 1999 OPEN LETTER TO : Dr. Peter Raven , Secretary PRaven @ nas.org Committee for Research and Exploration National Geographic Society Washington , DC 20036 Dear Peter , I thought that I should address to you the concerns expressed below because your committee is at least partly involved and because you are certainly now the most prominent scientist at the National Geographic Society . With the publication of `` Feathers for T . rex ? '' by Christopher P. Sloan in its November issue , National Geographic has reached an all-time low for engaging in sensationalistic , unsubstantiated , tabloid journalism . But at the same time the magazine may now claim to have taken its place in formal taxonomic literature . Although it is possible that Mr. Czerkas `` will later name '' the specimen identified on page 100 as Archaeoraptor liaoningensis , there is no longer any need for him to do so . Because this Latinized binomial has apparently not been published previously and has now appeared with a full-spread photograph of the specimen `` accompanied by a description or definition that states in words characters that are purported to differentiate the taxon , '' the name Archaeoraptor liaoningensis Sloan is now available for purposes of zoological nomenclature as of its appearance in National Geographic ( International Code of Zoological Nomenclature , Article 13a , i ) . This is the worst nightmare of many zoologists -- -that their chance to name a new organism will be inadvertently scooped by some witless journalist . Clearly , National Geographic is not receiving competent consultation in certain scientific matters . Sloan 's article explicitly states that the specimen in question is known to have been illegally exported and that `` the Czerkases now plan to return it to China . '' In Washington , in June of 1996 , more than forty participants at the 4th International Meeting of the Society of Avian Paleontology and Evolution , held at the Smithsonian Institution , were signatories to a letter to the Director of the Chinese Academy of Sciences that deplored the illegal trade in fossils from China and encouraged the Chinese government to take further action to curb this exploitation . There were a few fossil dealers at that meeting and they certainly got the message . Thus , at least since mid-1996 it can hardly have been a secret to anyone in the scientific community or the commercial fossil business that fossils from Liaoning offered for sale outside of China are contraband . Most , if not all , major natural history museums in the United States have policies in effect that prohibit their staff from accepting any specimens that were not legally collected and exported from the country of origin . The National Geographic Society has not only supported research on such material , but has sensationalized , and is now exhibiting , an admittedly illicit specimen that would have been morally , administratively , and perhaps legally , off-limits to researchers in reputable scientific institutions . Prior to the publication of the article `` Dinosaurs Take Wing '' in the July 1998 National Geographic , Lou Mazzatenta , the photographer for Sloan 's article , invited me to the National Geographic Society to review his photographs of Chinese fossils and to comment on the slant being given to the story . At that time , I tried to interject the fact that strongly supported alternative viewpoints existed to what National Geographic intended to present , but it eventually became clear to me that National Geographic was not interested in anything other than the prevailing dogma that birds evolved from dinosaurs . Sloan 's article takes the prejudice to an entirely new level and consists in large part of unverifiable or undocumented information that `` makes '' the news rather than reporting it . His bald statement that `` we can now say that birds are theropods just as confidently as we say that humans are mammals '' is not even suggested as reflecting the views of a particular scientist or group of scientists , so that it figures as little more than editorial propagandizing . This melodramatic assertion had already been disproven by recent studies of embryology and comparative morphology , which , of course , are never mentioned . More importantly , however , none of the structures illustrated in Sloan 's article that are claimed to be feathers have actually been proven to be feathers . Saying that they are is little more than wishful thinking that has been presented as fact . The statement on page 103 that `` hollow , hairlike structures characterize protofeathers '' is nonsense considering that protofeathers exist only as a theoretical construct , so that the internal structure of one is even more hypothetical . The hype about feathered dinosaurs in the exhibit currently on display at the National Geographic Society is even worse , and makes the spurious claim that there is strong evidence that a wide variety of carnivorous dinosaurs had feathers . A model of the undisputed dinosaur Deinonychus and illustrations of baby tyrannosaurs are shown clad in feathers , all of which is simply imaginary and has no place outside of science fiction . The idea of feathered dinosaurs and the theropod origin of birds is being actively promulgated by a cadre of zealous scientists acting in concert with certain editors at Nature and National Geographic who themselves have become outspoken and highly biased proselytizers of the faith . Truth and careful scientific weighing of evidence have been among the first casualties in their program , which is now fast becoming one of the grander scientific hoaxes of our age -- -the paleontological equivalent of cold fusion . If Sloan 's article is not the crescendo of this fantasia , it is difficult to imagine to what heights it can next be taken . But it is certain that when the folly has run its course and has been fully exposed , National Geographic will unfortunately play a prominent but unenviable role in the book that summarizes the whole sorry episode . Sincerely , Storrs L. Olson Curator of Birds National Museum of Natural History Smithsonian Institution Washington , DC 20560 Ph . 202-357-33212 FAX 1-202-633-8084 email : olson.storrs @ nmnh.si.edu Why do n't you write Dr. Olson and ask him if this is true ?	disagree	sarc
I find one comment extremely absurd , by a board member who voted for the new standards : `` It gets rid of a lot of dogma that 's being taught in the classroom today , '' said board member John Bacon . Dear Mr. Bacon , here is the definition of dogma : A doctrine or a corpus of doctrines relating to matters such as morality and faith , set forth in an authoritative manner by a church . America is slowly going down the drain	Yes , Creationist doublespeak at its `` best '' . Once again creeping Creationism seeks to undermine science in little steps . If this latest inroad is not stopped more will follow , rest assured .	neutral	sarc
Belief is belief . Sometimes persons believe hard , solid facts , most times they do not .	Well , I would say they simply disagree with how “facts” are determined . You will be hard pressed to find someone who says “I ignore the hard , solid facts” . Everyone believes hard , solid facts . But everyone disagrees about what constitutes hard , solid facts .	neutral	sarc
If you believe anything that you havent proven to yourself , then you are placing faith in the source that the information came from . Have you personally taken samples from the rings of trees and the corals that the scientists have used to measure the ammount of carbon that was present at these times and personally carbon dated the earth yourself ?	Well , that 's not exactly true . I do n't put absolute faith in the results of science , but I do trust that scientists are not lying . They may be wrong , but I do n't defend what they say to the death . I do n't have an absolute belief in what they have found or the conclusions they 've drawn . I tend to `` believe '' the big bang theory , but I have serious doubts as to its validity . I think the ability to change your mind about things as they come is what makes it not faith . Trusting scientists that they are n't lying does n't mean that I have faith in what they say . Faith is a really strong word . edit - Oh , I also realize what you are saying so I 'll try to explain . Scientists publish their results in journals . Their methods and results are there for everyone to see . All you and I have to do is go to a library that subscribes to the journal , or personally subscribe to it , and look up their work . If you had a problem with what they did , you can do your own experiments to prove them wrong , or at least make your case why you think they are wrong . Now , getting your results published is another can of worms . But , anyway , you or I do n't have to be published to redo the experiments ourselves , but that might take some money . Anyway , all I 'm saying is that once something is published , it 's not written in stone . It does n't become infallible scripture . People who read it , `` believe '' it ( or not ) , based on their own knowledge of the subject . Results and conclusions are challenged all the time . Interpretations are modified all the time . I really do n't see what any of this has to do with Faith .	disagree	notsarc
true	* - edit : you know , actually , evidence in the form of experimental results are reviewed , or at least the methods are reviewed , and then if the experiment is n't reproducible then the evidence becomes suspect , so in that light evidence is , sort of , reviewed . Eh , who cares ? )	neutral	sarc
You know , I think that you are rather an evil person , trying to create guilt where no guilt exists , where no guilt is necessary . Someone made a very important decision at a critical point in her life which made her life better and averted the consequences of a stupid mistake made by a youth . It was not an easy decision for her to make but she made it and it 's well in the past , except for the people who want her to feel guilt and trauma about it .	Good lesson ! Always take the easy way out to try and avoid consequences of actions . Instead of leaving a note on a car saying you accidently hit you ... you should just casually drive away . Thanks Simone !	neutral	sarc
Because if evolution can not explain all changes it is false , Unless you propose some creatures evolved and some were specially created . Is that what you mean ?	That 's just not true . It is a logical fallacy . Evolutionary theory makes no claims to be able to recount every mutation , recombination , migration , random mating , or chance death of every organsim . But the evidence for evolution is beyond dispute . More than 99 % of degreed biologists accept evolutionary theory as the best explanation for the observed data .	neutral	notsarc
First of all , is evolution defined as the development of new body parts on organisms ? Define evolution before you start arguing about what constitutes as evidence for or against it .	I think his point is paulie , that if evolution is actually as evo defines it , as changes made by way of random mutations , then why does n't life reflect those random mutations ? For example , why have n't a large number of lower animals who live their lives being hunted by carnivores adapted eyes in the back of their heads as a needed early warning system to see their stalkers coming from behind them ? Especially in times of drought and famine when food is scarce ? The environmental pressure exists at those times to justify such a change , yet from fish to birds to reptiles to mammals to even insects , most every creature in creation has 2 eyes , 1 mouth , 2 ears , ( if they even have ears since some animals use vibration sensors to locate the movement of prey and predator . ) It makes sense that Eagles , Hawks and Falcons have only 2 eyes since they are apex predators which rule their skies . But they regularly swoop down on smaller birds and pluck them out of the sky for food for their young . So why have n't smaller birds found the need to evolve eyes in the back of their heads ? One reptile has a type of third eye , but it is n't for sight nor is it permanent . It is used to absorb vitamin D from the Sun for the first 6 months of life in order to help it grow into a healthy adult . Then it is covered by scales . Tuatara Fact Sheet But the question persists as to why it seemingly devolved the need for that third eye if it originally had 3 working eyes ? I mean , it did n't simultaneously evolve a poison gland or some other form of defense to replace the need for it . Now let 's look at some insects which you will invariably mention as flaws in my argument . They too have extra eyes called ocelli , not working eyes mind you ; and neither do they aid in sight but the ocelli are simple structures and are believed they only detect light levels and movement . Now why would evolution not give vulnerable flying insects perfect vision when they have allegedly had literally hundreds of millions of years and many reasons to evolve it ? Are you aware that the visual acuity of insects is approximately 1 % of that of humans ? And we all know that humans do n't have the best eye sight in the animal kingdom . MICROSCOPY-UK / MICSCAPE - Insect insights . Insect eyes . Honeybee legs . What really distinguishes evolutionists from creationists is that creationists will ask the questions fear to ask since this fraudulent gospel has so many inconsistencies which ca n't be reasonably or rationally answered , they refuse to even consider them . Keep in mind that I have pointed out scientifically documented realities about what exists within the animal kingdom , but what I will get back from you are what ifs and maybes regarding these inconsistencies . Why is it that you never look at what is evolutionary dogma and ask why if random mutation happens based on environmental , social and predatory pressures , has n't it made more diverse selections where needed , as in a working third eye in the back of animals heads , rather than in all cases follow a proscribed formula which exists today , just as it existed in the oldest fossils ever collected ?	disagree	notsarc
2 ) The term `` marriage '' is not exclusively reserved for a union between man and woman . The term can also describe the joining of anything ( ie . `` the marriage of words and music in a hit song '' , `` new lipstick is a beautiful marriage of fragrance and texture '' , `` marriage of these companies will be successful '' , etc ) . Is it not possible marriage can also be used to describe gay unions ?	So , when a comedian leaves the stage and say 's I killed tonight , then obviously killing people en-masse is just fine , right ?	disagree	sarc
The problem is that the US has , in the past , refused funding to any organisation that , even as part of its activities , offered advice to women regarding abortion . Even when the women in question are on their 7th or 8th pregnancy and their husband refuses to use a condom , and the kids they already have do n't have enough to eat .	Good , it is n't a federal responsibility .	neutral	sarc
I accept that the theory of evolution explains the observations both gentically represented and those of the fossil record .	And it explains observations about morphology and physiology , about successions of flora and fauna . It explains coloration . It even explains why pandemic diseases arise and why they fade . It explains why an apparently harmful allele for a particular gene can increase in a population . In short , the theory of evolution explains biology .	agree	sarc
Nice job moving the goalpost , and changing the subject also . Show where in BCR 's post which you quoted above , he said even spoke to the issue of genes ? He said no new functions have evolved in a population in which it has n't existed before . And regarding your fallacious example regarding nylon eating bacteria , are you suggesting that the chemical ingredients that make nylon never existed before man combined them to create nylon ? The bacteria works on a microscopic level and could n't care less what product we have made from those chemicals which it thrives on . So your example is both fallacious and moot .	And the ability to digest nylon is not a new function ? ? You seem to have a different conception of 'new function ' that what matches with reality .	neutral	sarc
I agree ... it 's just too bad sometimes with young adults they do n't think about what might happen , they just respond with natural urges . And this results sometimes is someone becoming `` with child `` even though it was not what they set out to do ! So should we force them to have the child and put it up for adoption ? If so consider there are lots of children waiting to be taken in and most of them are n't infants .	I do n't think we have any business forcing anyone to do something they do n't want to do . The father is supplying his DNA when he engages in sexual relations . After than point he has in effect signed a blank check . It 's like the old saw , if you do n't want to do the time , do n't do the crime . Fathers to be should n't be engaging in sex unless they intend to pony up with the montly check . I come from a bit of a bias on this subject because this was my area of endeavor for some 20+ years .	neutral	notsarc
She did n't buy a gun for a criminal .	Strawman argument . Under the anti-gun standard of review , a straw purchase involves buying a gun for anyone other than yourself , with no exceptions .	disagree	notsarc
With respect to the influence of Mithra on Christianity , I think the jury is still out . We need to distinguish between the ancient Persian god Mithra as opposed to the 1st through 3rd century Roman cult of Mithraism . The two may not be related .	I realize you said `` the jury is still out '' , which indicates that if I present evidence for one side , that does not settle it : especially if the statement is some 15 years old . However , the quote is fairly relevant and I know right where to find it , so what the heck not post it .	agree	sarc
Do you know much of our atmosphere is made of C02 ? 0.035 % !	The amount of atmospheric greenhouse gases ( CO2 is not the only greenhouse gas ) threatens to snowball because of the rapid depletion of available carbon sinks and the consumption of existing ones . The MAIN problem with de-forestations is NOT that the trees are no longer removing CO2 from the atmosphere , but our use of them is adding CO2 to it ( burning , etc . ) and the other sources we could turn to to remove it are also being used up . Methane hydrates in the polar seabeds threaten to rapidly increase the amount of atmospheric greenhouse gases as soon as the temperature increases enough to destablize the ice crystals holding them in place .	agree	notsarc
4 . It adds costs to the court system via increased litigation over custody , property , inheritance , etc. ,	Yes , we should n't let those slaves be citizens , they will burden our legal system since they will now have ... OMG ... rights !	neutral	sarc
So how many of each animal did God want Noah to take on the ark ? Two conflicting versions of the Flood Story were combined- thus the discrepancy .	The problem here is the translation from Hebrew to English . In Hebrew the translation was `` seven pairs '' in the English translation we wrote it as `` seven '' . No contradictions there .	neutral	notsarc
Baby can be used to describe a human fetus . Get over it . Your technicality bs is not needed here ... granted you have only made 20 posts or so . Already proven wrong and you just joined ... .	Does this mean that I can use the terms `` fetus '' and `` baby '' interchangeably ? Like can I say , `` I need to find a fetus sitter so I can go out to the movies with my friends . '' When I go car seat shopping , can I ask for `` a seat to put my fetus in ? '' Or when I 'm in a child 's clothing store , can I ask for fetus clothes ?	neutral	sarc
( Handgun licensing . ) `` ( iii ) contacting the chief law enforcement officer of the State that issued the State handgun license to confirm that the State handgun license has not been revoked ; ( Then we have Registration ) ( Waiting Periods ) `` ( C ) ( i ) not less than 7 days have elapsed ( Written Permission from law enforcement ) ( Handgun Ammunition regulations ) ( State handgun safety certificate . and fees ) STORAGE OF FIREARMS AWAY FROM JUVENILES . With federal Crime statute . SEC . 204 . FEDERAL ARSENAL LICENSE . for more than 20 firearms or more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition . arsenal license fee of $ 300 for a 3-year license Repeal of SEC . 205 . RESTORATION OF FIREARM PRIVILEGES . ( even with all of this above ) PROHIBITION ON MULTIPLE HANDGUN TRANSFERS . ( Get a load of these fees ) LICENSE APPLICATION FEES . 1 ) in paragraph ( 1 ) ( A ) by striking `` $ 1,000 '' and inserting `` $ 10,000 '' ; ( 2 ) in paragraph ( 1 ) ( B ) by striking `` $ 50 '' and inserting `` $ 1,000 '' ; ( 3 ) in paragraph ( 1 ) ( C ) by striking `` $ 10 '' and inserting `` $ 1,000 '' ; ( 4 ) in paragraph ( 2 ) ( A ) by striking `` $ 1,000 '' and inserting `` $ 10,000 '' ; ( 5 ) in paragraph ( 2 ) ( B ) by striking `` $ 50 '' and inserting `` $ 1,000 '' ; ( 6 ) in paragraph ( 3 ) ( A ) by striking `` $ 1,000 '' and inserting `` $ 10,000 '' ; 7 ) in paragraph ( 3 ) ( B ) by striking `` $ 200 for 3 years , except that the fee for renewal of a valid license shall be $ 90 for 3 years '' and inserting `` $ 1,000 per year '' . A license for sellers of Ammunition DEFINITION OF FIREARM EXPANDED TO INCLUDE COMPONENT PARTS . Meaning receiver , barrel , stock , ammunition magazine , or any part of the action '' . Lawsuit permission legislation PROHIBITED WEAPONS . it shall be unlawful for any person to manufacture , transfer , or possess a prohibited weapon. ( Confiscation ? ) ( A ) in paragraph ( 28 ) by striking `` '' semiautomatic rifle ' means any repeating rifle '' and inserting `` '' semiautomatic firearm ' means any repeating firearm '' ; ( Pumps and Lever Actions ? ) `` ( 31 ) The term 'prohibited weapon ' means -- `` ( E ) a semiautomatic assault weapon ; `` ( F ) a Saturday-night-special handgun ; `` ( G ) a nonsporting ammunition ; and `` ( H ) a large-capacity ammunition feeding device . INCREASED TAX ON HANDGUNS AND HANDGUN AMMUNITION . 30 percent ARTICLES TAXABLE AT 50 PERCENT	And what would we have seen 3 months later if this had passed ? Brady 3 ? But hey , there is no slippery slope !	disagree	sarc
Nowhere does it say , that she kept a gun in the bathroom	And nowhere does it say she went to her bedroom and retrieved a gun .	disagree	notsarc
Many evolutionists are pretty bright , yes , No one can deny that .	And it remains to be seen if your are . Pick an unreasonable and dumb argument go with it .	disagree	sarc
I do n't know if I can accept `` creationist science '' as a true form of science . True science involves developing explanations for phenomena based on ALL available evidence gathered . Creationists pick and choose little bits of science that supports their claims , all the while ignoring the evidence that discredits them .	Walking-fish : A great example of this is the way Young Earthers try to discount radiometric dating . They will choose a couple hundred inconsistent radiometric dates out of the thousands that have been recorded and argue that they are unreliable . Then they will choose a couple lame pieces of evidence for a young earth , such as Robt Gentry 's Polonium halos , rate of decay in the earth 's magnetic field , rates of sediment/salt deposition in the ocean or rate of population growth . This is supposed to outweigh the evidence from thousands of good radiometric dates . Creationists are not very good at doing science but they are good at picking cherries . So if you own an orchard and need a few good field hands , hire a young earth creationist .	agree	sarc
Oh it will and from what I have seen of the arguments the court will strike down prop 8 and every anti gay marriage amendment . I have seen the reinactments taken from the trial record .	Well it does n't go against the US constitution ... Does it go against the California constitution ? I have n't seen much credible evidence for this..then again I do n't know much about the California constitution . Do you ?	neutral	notsarc
I did n't go into enough detail with respect to unmarried hetero couples . Right now , most states have `` common law '' marriage statutes in which a partner of the opposite sex can lay claim to a portion of their unmarried partner 's property if they 've lived together for a defined period of time . Allowing gay marriage without also rewriting common law statutes discriminates against unmarried heteros living together . Without legal gay marriage , gay partners do n't have to worry about common law statutes being used against them by their partner . Does that explain it better ?	Well , I disagree that it discriminates against unmarried heterosexual couples ; those couples still have the choice to get married to recieve the benefits of marriage or stay unmarried . Same-sex couples do not have that choice currently , and all we are talking about is giving them that choice . Unmarried heterosexual couples are not affected and have the same choice available to them . Though now that I think about it , you may be saying that the common law statutes are applies to unmarried opposite-sex couples but not to unmarried same-sex couples ? Well , in all honesty I think that is very unfair regardless of marriage status . The same common law rules should apply to both heterosexual and homosexual couples . I see no reason why this would n't be updated along with marriage . As for common law statutes being used against same-sex partners , well again , that is an argument against marriage or common law statutes , not against same-sex marriage specifically . It is n't a reason to disallow marriage to same-sex couples but allow it for opposite-sex couples .	disagree	notsarc
I think you are entirely correct . From the page VOR linked : There is no evidence ANYWHERE that the second ammendment is a collective right . We ghave been over this multiple times , and the evidence simply does not exist , and an organization like the ACLU should be well aware of this .	Well , that 's your own strong bias speaking . Many of the courts and scholars have disagreed with you .	disagree	notsarc
Yep and watch an increase of sexual activity among teens .	18-19 year olds anyway . It 's still illegal for over the counter under the age of 18 . Wait a minute , I fail to see how it not being availible will affect teenagers doing it or not .	neutral	notsarc
I was requested to start a new thread in which pro-gay and anti-gay marriage positions could be debated without posters being called `` homophobes '' , `` gay bashers '' and `` bigots '' simply because they do n't favor gay marriage . While I '' ve already stated why I 'm against gay marriage in previous threads , I 'll reiterate them here for newbies and for simplicity sake . 1 . Gay marriage creates a new dependent class of citizen 2 . It is an unfunded mandate and therefore , illegal 3 . It forces additional costs on an employer via healthcare benefits 4 . It adds costs to the court system via increased litigation over custody , property , inheritance , etc. , 5 . It allows more people to lay claim to finite SS and other entitlement benefits 6 . It establishes a loophole to transfer property without payment of inheritance taxes . 7 . It establishes a mechanism to bypass the payment of taxes on life insurance payouts . These should be enough fodder to get the ball rolling .	You know what I find amusing here ... your entire argument revolves around how it will affect your wallet . Forget about the lives of the people who are denied rights in this country that you take forgranted . That is the true christian-American spirit is n't it ? Oh how proud our forefathers would be if they could see us now ... oh wait ... most of them owned people ... nevermind .	disagree	sarc
I find it interesting that the stars create the clouds and inturn the clouds form into stars . One vicious cycle with no begining . In a forum devoted to origin you offer the explainiation of no origin at all but rather meaningless existence . This is the main problem I have with evolution and it 's application to physical sciences . A cycle with no begining has indeed no forseeable end . Therefore on a personal level I have no hope of changing anything . Things were , are and will continue to be this cycle of events . As this applies to biology any other life sciences . My actions are only the result of my animal instict . I am not playing the inner - child but rather the inner - beast . No law is passed to keep a beast in submission to another beast . Governing bodies fail if there is no accountablity . That is the cruix of the discussion . I am accoutable to God . If I am wrong about creation , I have only missed out on a lifetime of animal behavior . If you are wrong about evolution , then I fear you are far the worse off then I .	Ok , now I 'd like to know why Lappster thinks evolution has anything to do with morality ? Do you actually know what evolution is Lappster ?	disagree	notsarc
Why do we put up with this ? It was hard enough to come to this decision in the first place without walking through all of that and having no other option but to take it , walk through it . I still hear their voices and see their faces . If I ever see their faces again , I may have to slap some sense into them . It was unneccessary and beyond rude to a place where I do n't think there is a word in the english language to define it . I 'm still enfuriated about them , the way I was treated by them [ /i ] . ''	Not surprised . Violence breeds violence . Read the domestic violence thread , it has relevance .	neutral	notsarc
Just as one defines : infinite : not finite vs finite Just as one defines : Square vs circle Wait , here is the kicker Montalban : existent nonexistent real unreal If you need more examples to understand that definitions do not necessarily represent `` real '' things , just let me know . I just made a claim about non-existent . Yet I 'm still typing , how can this be ? ? ?	If a square is opposite to a circle ( and it is n't , by the way ) , then gas/liquid/solid must be opposites therefore you contain opposites ( by your own argument ) , in that you contain elements that are in these 'opposite ' states . It 's an argument I raised before , you said they were n't opposites , now you cite non-opposites ! Why do you keep refuting previous arguments they YOU have made ?	disagree	notsarc
The following is summarized mostly from an article by George Cook in the December 1999 issue of the Quarterly Review of Biology . Many of the details of the research that ruled out Lamarckianism are no longer taught to Biology undergrads because the old controversies are no longer in the slightest bit controversial , and the field has moved on to much more interesting debates . The students are simply taught that Lamarckianism is an egregiously failed concept . Back in the 1890 's August Weismann and Herbert Spencer argued at length over the possibility of Lamarckian evolution ( Spencer for , Weismann against ) . Supporters of Herbert Spencer , notably the paleontologist Henry Fairfield Osborn , realized that this issue could only be settled experimentally , so he and his colleagues called for an institute to be set up to run the appropriate experiments . This ultimately lead to the Station for Experimental Evolution at Cold Spring Harbor in New York , and it also persuaded a lot of biologists of all stripes to research the controversy and run experiments . Ultimately this all came to naught after 15-30 years because even the most ardent supporters of Lamarckian evolution recognized that they had had no successes in demonstrating Lamarckian evolution For example , Bumpus 's four famous studies failed to detect any self-adaptation in transplanted stocks of animals . Specifically , Bumpus ( 1898 ) found increased variation but no beneficial self-adaptation in stocks of birds transplanted to new habitats where they lacked their previous heavy predation . In a subsequent study he transplanted both groups ( the old original and the more diverse offshoot group ) to a third location , and showed that each group continued true to type , notably including the higher variation of the group that had been released from heavy predation loads . This showed that the initial change had been evolutionary in nature , and that the creatures were unable to quickly modify themselves to a new ideal . ... ... ... . Starting around 1909 , Francis Sumner was able to produce different development of traits in originally identical Peromyscus mice that were reared under highly dissimilar conditions . He even thought for a while that he had showed a degree of inheritance of these acquired characteristics . However , he realized after a long while ( 1932 ) that his results were unltimately far more easily explained as a result of mendelian genetics . All this and much more were viewed as absolutely devastating to the Neo-Lamarckian cause , and the whole field was transformed and replaced by the advent of the neo-Darwinian synthesis , as Fisher and Wright and others demonstrated how natural selection was consistent with mendelian genetics , and how the Cold Spring Harbor work was so much more easily understood by reference to Mendelian genetics . However , the effort to demonstrate Lamarckianism by carefully designed and cleanly performed experiments set an extremely important and beneficial standard for experimental biology thereafter .	So , he 's immune to new information that contradicts his beliefs . He does n't care , he has his own predetermined conclusions bolstered by reading whatever creationist rubbish he can find , and he simply refuses to let anything else make an impression on him .	neutral	notsarc
Perhaps it is just semantics here , but a place that tells a mythical tale rather than relating reality does n't have the right to call itself a museum . It is a theme park .	Why is it that evolution cant be considered as a mythical tale ? . A tale of how soup turned into a human being , and that has no evidence for all the major links for this story to work ! ... .	neutral	sarc
Enjoy . link	Another question might be , have evolutionists figured out the `` mock '' gene yet ? Mockery was a great ingredient in Christian salvation . Judas mocked Jesus in the garden , the chief priests and scribes laughed him to scorn , Herod mocked him , the servants and the soldiers jeered at him and insulted him , and on the cross all sorts of taunts were thrown at him . I do n't claim to be perfect - mockery could possibly be an effective tool in certain instances , but I may be wrong about that . Is mockery synonymous with evil ? The opposite of love ? Do atheists do it more than Christians ?	neutral	sarc
That is not necessarily true . I have known girls who have gotten pregnant and wanted an abortion but the fathers of the babies told them they did n't want them to have an abortion so the did n't and now the baby is healthy .	The guy can have an opinion but the ultimate choice is up to the woman who can listen to what the guy says or not , it 's up to her . I believe that is what sinjin was saying .	neutral	notsarc
Laci Peterson 's pregnancy was far past the point of viability , so she would not have been able to get an abortion unless her health was in danger . Also , an abortion is a legal medical procedure , while cutting a fetus out of a woman with a knife is not . If I ran up to you and knocked you out and then performed some pseudo medical procedure on you , I 'd be arrested , regardless of whether or not you could get a legitimate version of that procedure on your own .	But if the fetus is n't a human , then it 's not murder .	disagree	sarc
According to this , there are 1,531,764 crimes stopped by guns this year ( and it 's not even the end of the year yet ! ) . It also gives a reasonable explanation of why you do n't see this on the news every day . It also says that legal gun owners account for almost 0 % of all gun crime . So if you want to ban guns , 1,531,764 people will get killed or injured , and you 'll only take guns out of the hands of those who do n't even commit gun crimes .	But if you actually take time to read the study that is posted on that website it appears that the claims of the NSPOF are doubtful , inconsistent with other studies , and likely biased in favor of people answering that they had used a gun to defend themselves .	disagree	notsarc
Pure ignorance here , everybody take note . In Heller v. DC , in 2008 , the SCOTUS reinterpreted the 2nd amendment and invalidated DC gun laws . The Indiana Law Blog : Courts - New DC gun laws tested under Heller standard [ Updated again ] So gun nuts got their way in DC and now look what happens ...	And are people in DC legally allowed to carry their guns with them in a concealed manner , having them readily available like the rest of us do in the country ? Absolutely not . According to DC your rights do n't extend past your home , and it barely even exists inside your home .	disagree	notsarc
So what . Congress can pass any law it wants . Does n't mean it will stand up in court . The first portion , `` A well regulated Militia , being necessary to the security of a free State , '' is a qualifier to what follows `` the right of the people to keep and bear Arms , shall not be infringed . '' It seems pretty clear to me . But I 'm not one of the Justices . This decision has been made , although I do n't like it or agree with it . I do n't see where today 's hobbyist meets the intent - most especially in the well-regulated part . But there comes a point where what the dead guys thought just does n't matter that much . It is 200+ years later . They left us with the ability to adjust with time and we 've done that . They recognized their own shortcomings which might have the the wisest thing they did . The current interpretation is clear . We look at the last portion of the statement only . I do n't think that , as I said before , a little common sense , is going to alter the interpretation in any meaningful way . After all , I could easily argue ( if I was totally stupid ) that my front yard is the perfect place for a working cannon . We both know that is n't going to fly . Just where does the armament argument end . With a cannon ? Or with a Nuc . Let 's face it . They said arms and they meant arms . Not guns . They 'd probably let me have the cannon . The founding fathers never envisioned the kind of weapons we 'd have available today or what they 'd be used for . That 's why their thoughts are purposely criptic and open ended . Since we will always draw the line someplace , why not draw it at a good compromise between you and me .	You asked where the line should be drawn in regards to weapons ? How about where ownership and use of weapons does not violate the rights of others . Before you respons think about it . Do anything you want . If I do n't violate anyone then what is the beef ? If I do n't break any laws or endanger anyone what is the beef ? The safe storage and handling of cannon , cannon propellant , and cannon ammo is well known . They can be stored in places typical of homes without violating the rights of others . BTW a cannon is not a weapon . It is considered a 'firework ' by the ATF . Ever see a civil war renactment ? Lots of cannons ? So yes having a cannon in your front yard does fly .	disagree	notsarc
Vermont legalizes gay marriage -- chicagotribune.com chicagotribune.com Vermont legalizes gay marriage The Associated Press 6:57 PM CDT , April 7 , 2009 MONTPELIER , Vt. -- The marriage proposal came not over a candlelit dinner or on a scenic mountaintop ; instead the couple were surrounded by a throng of gay rights supporters outside the Vermont House chamber . `` We have n't decided who 's going to propose to who yet , '' former lawmaker Robert Dostis said as he stood next to his longtime partner , Chuck Kletecka . `` But we 've been together 25 years in September , and I think September 14th would be a nice wedding day . '' `` Sounds good to me , '' Kletecka replied . `` I accept . '' The exchange came just after the Vermont House narrowly achieved the two-thirds majority necessary to overcome Republican Gov . Jim Douglas ' veto of a gay marriage bill . Vermont was the first state to give gay and lesbian couples legal recognition with its civil unions law in 2000 . It jumped to the lead again Tuesday : After courts in three other states had legalized gay marriage , Vermont became the first to have its Legislature do so on its own . Bills to allow same-sex marriage are currently before lawmakers in New Hampshire , Maine , New York and New Jersey . The three other states that allow same-sex marriage -- Connecticut , Massachusetts and Iowa -- moved to do so first through the courts , not their legislatures . `` For a popularly elected legislature to make this decision is a much more democratic process '' because lawmakers have to answer to the voters every other November , said Eric Davis , a retired Middlebury College political science professor . Courts typically deal with arcane points of constitutional law . While legislatures debate some of the same principles , the process may become much more personal . In Vermont , some of the most gripping debate came when gay lawmakers took to the House floor last Thursday and told their own love stories . Getting gay marriage approved in a political , rather than purely legal , forum is a big step , said Boston University law professor Linda McLain , an expert on family law and policy . `` What may give courage to other legislatures is that this legislature managed to do it , '' she said . She added that using the civil rights language of equality -- the measure in Vermont was dubbed the marriage equality bill -- could help make gay marriage more acceptable elsewhere . Opponents said they , too , believe activists will be emboldened in other states and could attack the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act , which defines marriage as a legal union between a man and a woman and provides that states need not recognize the marriage of a same-sex couple from another state . The Vermont action comes just days after the Iowa Supreme court ruled that not permitting gay marriage there was unconstitutional . `` To the millions of Americans who care about marriage , we say , 'Get ready . President Obama and Democrats will use Vermont as an excuse to overturn the bipartisan federal Defense of Marriage Act , ' '' said Brian Brown , executive director of the National Organization for Marriage , which waged a radio campaign against the measure . `` The next step is to ask the Supreme Court to impose gay marriage on all 50 states . '' To date , the same-sex marriage movement 's main gains have been in New England , which some attribute to Yankee liberalism and the gradual acceptance of gay relationships after Vermont 's groundbreaking civil unions law took effect in 2000 . Douglas had announced his intent to veto the gay marriage bill two weeks ago , saying he believed marriage should be limited to a man and a woman and calling the issue a distraction from more important economic and budgetary issues . In Tuesday 's vote , a yes was needed from two-thirds of those present to override the governor 's veto . The goal was easily achieved in the Senate , which voted 23-5 , but in the House the vote was much closer , 100-49 . The speaker 's announcement of the results to a packed Statehouse chamber set off whistles and cheers among supporters whose hopes had been temporarily dashed when the governor announced he would veto the measure if it passed the Legislature . Among the celebrants were Kletecka and Dostis , who recalled efforts to expand gay rights dating to an anti-discrimination law passed in 1992 . `` It 's been almost 20 years to get to this point , '' Dostis said . `` I think finally , most people in Vermont understand that we 're a couple like any other couple . We 're as good and as bad as any other group of people . '' Craig Bensen , a gay marriage opponent who had lobbied unsuccessfully for a nonbinding referendum on the question , said his side was outspent by supporters by 20-1 . `` The other side had a highly funded , extremely well-oiled machine with all the political leadership except the governor pushing to make this happen , '' he said . `` The fact that it came down to this tight a vote is really astounding . '' The measure had only 95 yes votes when it passed the House on Friday . But some changed their votes Tuesday . Rep. Jeff Young , D- St. Albans , who voted no twice because he 's philosophically opposed to gay marriage , joined most other Democrats in voting to override Douglas ' veto . `` I think if I wanted to continue my career here and have any chance of being effective , I had to vote with my caucus , '' he said . `` You have some pet projects , you think you can help your district back home with things that need to happen . I want to get a railroading bill through . I would n't even have had a chance to testify , let alone get it through . Now , people will listen to me . It 's the way the political game is played . '' Copyright 2009 Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Great news !	agree	notsarc
1 ) All organisms tend to produce more offspring than can possibly survive . False and that does n't invalide evolution given how it 's a misrepresentation of one of the statements in the theory .	Actually , it 's true . One Darwin 's basic ideas upon which he based the theory of natural selection .	neutral	notsarc
BTW , Jim , this reminds me of that thread about men wearing make-up . If you want to call me on that – okay – but that was for television and that’s it . I mean it . Seriously	Yes , I remember , and I agree . Johnny was just primping for the cameras . I do believe though that historically men have been vain and will continue to be so . Your expression of machoism in the toughness of your truck is just another vanity . Vanity can be expressed by the pride one takes in the amount of mud hanging on the four wheeler after a spin in the backwoods . Face it , BO . You 're just a vain man , such as I am . Our quest to have the biggest , baddest truck on the block is not much different from a woman wanting to be the belle of the ball . And often men express their vanity in the `` possession '' of a trophy wife .	neutral	sarc
Third , it is most tiresome to see all the horrors of the world ascribed to atheism when atheism has nothing to do with them . Atheism has nothing to do with the nationalism of the Nazis and Fascists , has nothing to do with the cult of personality established by various dictators and similar . And do n't even try to claim I do n't know any of it . I LIVE in the area you claim as `` Tito 's slaughterhouse '' . I KNOW what it was all about . And atheism did n't get even nearly close to the true causes .	Oh , buddy , Atheism has EVERYTHING to do with that . The morality-less framework of Atheism ALLOWED them to justify the horrors that they inflicted .	disagree	notsarc
Surely the theory of evolution can not predict whether a species is extinct or not !	You are correct . That fossil species have gone extinct is an observation .	agree	notsarc
Guns do make killing a relatively impersonal matter , do n't they ?	So what ? Whether killing is a personal or impersonal matter , the bottom line is that somebody IS going to be killed and that 's all there is to it . I highly doubt somebody 's BEING killed is of less importance than HOW they were killed .	neutral	sarc
Show me comparable figures for the US , and include ALL violent crime rather than picking one isolated stat . I 'll take a slight increased risk of being attacked at home if it means a large drop in the risk of being gunned down in the street . Even if the claimed figures are correct , it represents a rate of less than 4 in 10 000 people every year . That 's one in every 50 people in the entire course of their lifetime . And that 's before we get on to what is considered violent crime . Pushing someone out the way while attempting to escape is a violent crime under UK law . Is that worth shooting someone over ? Despite the illustration of the article , I think you 'll find virtually none of the burglars was carrying a gun , and if any householders were killed it is a tiny number .	No worries mate . Brooklyn & # 39 ; s 81st Precinct probed by NYPD for fudging stats ; felonies allegedly marked as misdemeanors New York cops 'fudge ' stats like the Tories to make their `` strict gun laws '' look more compatible to the States that do not have draconian anti gun laws and need not depend on the cops protecting you when they have no duty to do so . I have been following UK stats for a long time and no matter who is in power , the crime rates increase . Often the perp is set free and the victem is the one punished like the incident you mentioned : Pushing someone out the way while attempting to escape is a violent crime under UK law . Gun control is not crime control ! It is just more evident in the UK . At least here you can still shoot the _____________s and that is a great deterrant	neutral	sarc
Today modern military assault weapons are M-16s and AK-47s . When the constitution was written modern was a musket . The next dictator that this country will see will also be using modern military weapons . The militia will need modern military weapns to fight for freedom . If that means nukes , then so be it .	And that just scares me .	neutral	notsarc
That was the whole point of asking the questions , to prove evolution is n't an absolute truth	Let 's see , what else in science is n't the absolute truth ... .. Well , it 's still the heliocentric theory , so the earth orbitting the sun is n't the absolute truth . It 's still the germ theory so germs and viruses causing disease is n't the absolute truth . It 's still the atomic theory so atoms are n't the absolute truth and since chemistry stems from the atomic theory ( chemicals and elements are , according to the theory , made up of atoms ) chemistry is n't the absolute truth . gravity ca n't be the absolute truth because it 's still the theory of gravity . And electricity sure ca n't be the absolute truth because it 's part of the electromagnetic theory . It should also be noted that the theory of evolution is one of the most well supported theories in science , even though it is n't the absolute truth .	neutral	sarc
Are you really this historically ignorant ? Free French Forces - Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia French Resistance - Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia	Did you actually read your own links ? I was holding those in reserve to prove my comment . Interesting reading non ? It seems the wars are repetitious and always involve a tyrant and his government and other wan na be 's like Vichy in France capitulating with Hitler . Most of the Free Army was composed of whom ? When did the resistance begin and are you making the argument that `` resistance is futile '' or that resistance is effective ? No doubt Sarge will have some insight on the sitop also ?	neutral	sarc
HAPPY BIRTHDAY	Thanks man ! Too bad I ca n't do anything today	agree	sarc
And what do you mean by `` modern liberals '' ?	Sorry about that . I meant Atheists . And by modern , I mean present-day .	agree	sarc
wow , another person that tries to twist the Bible . Should I even be shocked ?	Actually the bible is silent concerning abortion which is odd considering it was highly outlawed by surrounding nations.The bible is very clear concerning the value of a fetus as opposed to an actual soulish being ( mother ) though .	disagree	sarc
we as humans on this earth are stupid , stupid in the way that we know not of what is going on aorund us . religion was made so that we humans would not feel frightened and alone in this universe . people can not grasp that after we die , we rot in the ground . we can not even imagine non existence .	I see what you were trying to start say about confusing common sense , with a myth . But what a myth is to you , is n't a myth to others . Some people go on common sense , some people go with there hearts , and some people go with what they have enormous faith in . All of the above are not stupid ! So dont say that they are ! I go on common sense , but what I have faith in means to much to me to just push aside entirely .	disagree	sarc
I thank my lucky stars every day that I got out of Joizey 25 years ago .	Peoples Republic of Kalifornia East it looks like to me .	agree	sarc
Actually when you read every thing you have to rationalize ( lie ) what God actually did , for God was done with everything then started again . THe stories do n't parallel each other they intersect .	actually , the only valid question plotter asked is about the existence of dinosaurs ( How did they fit into the creation schedule ? ) Good question plotter ... Plotter : `` when did he create all the other planets , when did he create all the other stars and comets ? '' Gen. 1:14 And God said , `` Let there be lights in the firmament of the heavens to separate the day from the night ; and let them be for signs and for seasons and for days and years , 15 and let them be lights in the firmament of the heavens to give light upon the earth . '' And it was so . and XQ , what stories are you talking about ?	neutral	notsarc
The French government has solved the problem of redefining marriage by creating a legal union between any two eligible persons regardless of gender that allows the couple to have rights equal to those that are legally married .	What ? ? You mean their society did n't implode due to giving civil unions to all , under the weight of legal quagmire as some who have argued against this from the gay pride movement have asserted ? ? The sky did n't fall ? Imagine that .	neutral	sarc
The President hates his country ! It 's so obvious ! How did nobody notice till now !	He may not hate it , but he sure does some strange things WRT it . For example : his World Apology Tour 2009 .	neutral	notsarc
I do n't recall the Bible saying you can rob from people you think are evil but you seem to think thats ok .	Where do you get that impression from ?	disagree	sarc
Does belief in intelligent design preclude belief in evolution Forgive me for I am sure all of you must have all ready discussed this at some time in the past . I believe in something very much like intelligent design but I also believe in evolution . I believe in a creator but summarily reject the bible . ?	Ah , so I take it you are saying is it possible to reconcile a belief in God ( of some sort ) with the discoveries of science ? Well I hope it is as long as one never lets a religious belief stand in the way of objective analysis of evidence from the physical world .	neutral	sarc
Since you brought up the questions , I wonder what your answer would be to that second question : `` Can one girl kill herself or do harmful things to her body if she chooses ... even against the other heads will ? '' Along those lines , do you support people 's rights to kill themselves ?	I do n't think people have a right to kills themselves ( obviously not natural and obviously not legal right now ) . As for the other question , I would n't think a blatent disregard for the others health is morally ok .	neutral	notsarc
the former because it 's always a handy and ego-inflating explanation for disagreement and you do n't have any respect for other people 's intellect anyway ,	** Well , there it is . You have 'gone over to the dark side ' . Too bad . I hope it 's a temporary lapse , but if not , our debate was quite good while it lasted .	disagree	sarc
Thus , there is no way that selection will have a variant to choose from .	Ouch . That leads to an easy refutation .	disagree	sarc
I 'm pro-choice , but to say that having an abortion should not or will not effect EITHER parent is callous . You 'll , most likely , ( at minimum ) wonder regretfully what could have been .	Why would you be regretful , if it 's your choice , and you stand by it ? What if you honestly and truly did not want a child in the future ? To speak for everyone and say , there will always be regret , or else you are callous , is the problem here . This is the cultural conditioning I was speaking of earlier which stigmatizes those who make a choice .	neutral	sarc
The Dangers of Evolution ( Sky Angel Special Presentation ) Friday , October 29 , 8pm-11pm ET Angel Two/Sky Angel Channel 9702 ( Rebroadcast ) What difference does it make whether you believe in creation or evolution ? Did the theory of evolution play any part in starting World War I & amp ; II ? How does evolution relate to Communism , Socialism , Naziism , abortion , liberalism and the New Age movement ? In this special , Dr. Kent Hovind of Creation Science Evangelism answers all these questions and many more . www.drdino.com	Believing evolution leads to liberalism ! ( which is closely related to the Nazis ) Damn you Darwin for leading us into a tax-and-spend , arbortion loving , crystal wearing , Stalinist , anti-semetic dystopia ! !	neutral	sarc
And your claims that you have debunked anything only prove you a liar .	Really ? Look above ; all I have to do is repeat things I 've already told you to respond to your `` debunkings . ''	disagree	sarc
You have this odd notion that only the Biblical faiths count as religions .	No i dont ... as im a plurilist ... .	neutral	sarc
After the person 's case is thoroughly investigated , and they are guilty , the death penalty should stay	But the problem is with determining whether or not a person ACTUALLY is guilty . If we could determine 100 % for sure whether or not a person is guilty , I would definitely be pro-death penalty . However , I do n't think it is worth the risk to sacrifice one innocent life in order to punish others .	neutral	notsarc
So right off the bat we’re expected to have blind faith in a miracle that’s never been seen , proven , tested – or even witnessed . But that’s just the tip of the iceberg .	I could n't have said it any better myself . Could I use that quote ?	agree	notsarc
But just try and remove them from those that think we do and you will have a war on your hands . It 's too bad we did n't become more like Canada is respect to gun ownership . A lot more people would be alive today and others not sitting in prison for crimes they commited .	Just how do you arrive at that conclusion ?	neutral	sarc
the very same genetic similarities you will use to claim our familial relationship with chimps also makes absolute claims about how our genetic material defines our intelligence , imagination , creativity , reasoning ability and our hunger to grow intellectually and seek to continually improve our World to suit our personal needs .	No , it does n't . Our genotype ( together with other epigenetic modifiers ) gives us a much bigger brain than chimps , although it is structured very similarly . On top of that , what we accomplish with our bigger brain is , as I 've already demonstrated in other threads with reference to feral children , greatly dependent upon the accumulated wisdom imprinted upon the brain during infancy . We teach our children to problem-solve . We teach them language and abstract thought - we train the various parts of the brain to do their job properly . We are n't born 'complete ' . Even as adults , not everyone is equally quick-witted , not everyone has an equal facility for logical thought - and this has a lot to do with how their brain has been trained during its development . Other apes can also be taught these same concepts - to a more limited degree , sure , but then the related parts of their brain are smaller and less capable .	disagree	notsarc
Then you freely admit that you lied when you said this , and I quote : People like Arch are setting it as opposed to science and in that position it will be doomed to fail . AND Arch is doing nothing but distorting the very thing he holds so dear , I mean , how is accurately quoting passages from the bible distorting it in any way ? You do nothing but post drivel which makes no factual statements at all . And you call that debating ? So , we are debating creation , yet you do n't consider quoting the bible , the single most important original proponent of the creation account and to you , it does n't qualify as a source for what is being discussed here ? You say this and expect to be taken seriously ? Really ? What book is that , because I have seen no quotes or links to any source of any info at all from you anywhere above on this page . So once again accipiter , what in the world are you referring to ? You and the obvious child oughta get along fine since you both offer nothing more substantial than personal attacks which are based on your own warped beliefs and corrupted interpretations of that which you disagree with . Here 's my original post again , I challenge you to explain how these alleged stone age sheep herders whom you scoff at and mock described contemporary living creatures which paleontologists today identify as dinosaurs , from skeletal remains ?	They did n't . Simple as that . Now , let 's look at the post you keep quoting ( although it has already been addressed by others ) . First one , Job 40 : 15-24 , seems to describe a Hippo ( possibly an elephant ) . As to the second one , please show me a fire breathing dinosaur and you 'll be in business with your claim that they described dinosaurs . Otherwise , there 'll be quite a bit of mocking and scoffing at their claim of fire-breathing creatures . Aside from the fire breathing thing , it sort of sounds like the Nile Crocodile or something of the sort .	disagree	notsarc
Walking-fish : The fact that I referred to social darwinism as a pseudoscience speaks for itself . Even though you speak against social darwinism , you still buy into the notion that it is an outgrowth of Darwin 's theory of natural selection .	** Excuse me , walkingfish , for butting in , but I 'd like to reiterate my point to schuster that Darwin 's theory of `` Natural Selection '' is just an outgrowth of an ancient social rationalization for unequal distribution political/economic power and privilege , ( that is , social elitism , aristocracy and racism ) , falsely and anthropomorphically applied to non-human life .	neutral	notsarc
Hi Lisa - I disagree with you . Babies ca n't be helped while trivializing and restricting mothers and not recognizing their needs . There are reasons women choose to abort and those need to be addressed and there will also be cases where women need to abort ( health concerns , rape , etc . ) .	And the reasons have been discussed at length and most of us agree about the mother 's life being endangered or possibly in cases of rape and incest ... ... ... Where we disagree with you is unecessary abortions ... such as for birth control , a headache on just and inconveniencce ... ... .. You think any abortion is alright ... We do n't ... ..	neutral	notsarc
The Bible only refers to `` high hills '' , and the mountains today wre formed only towards the end of , and after , the Flood by collision of the tectonic plates and the associated upthrusting .	Well , yes , I can assert anything is true if I am allowed to make up new science to explain it . As you may have noticed , rocks do n't bend very easily - a sudden force ( by `` sudden '' I even mean increasing the pressure on a rock over a time that may seem long to people ) will shatter a rock . In the Himalayas , Rockies , Appalachians , we see that the strata are smoothly folded over long distances . This is only possible by applying great pressures over very long periods of time , at pretty high temperatures . A sudden collision of the continents at the end of the flood would produce very different geologic features . That is the difference between accepted geologic theories and creationist theories . Geologic theories rely on known scientific laws and principles , whereas the creationists have to either make up brand new scientific theories and principles ( like the infamous changing speed of light ) and/or ignore evidence that directly contradicts there hypotheses .	neutral	sarc
But you are ok with a woman deciding what is right for someone else 's own body ... specifically the babies ?	`` Babies '' are a stage reached after birth . If you are talking about abortions , then no babies are involved , anti-choice , histrionic revisionist linguistics none withstanding	disagree	notsarc
nothing new can be created by making copies , i 've addressed this many times	This is a laughable oversimplication of reproduction . Humans do n't make copies . Do you reproduce asexually ? I know I do n't .	neutral	sarc
You obviously did not read my links :	I did . You did not , and you did not read context . My response was based on the Chihuahua/Great Dane remark . Your source says they have the same basic set of genes . This is not the same as saying that all genes are the same . You go on to say , `` Their size and shape obviously have nothing to do with genetics , '' and imply that this is all phenotypic plasticity . Put your money where your mouth is , bub : Invest in a pedigreed Great Dane and a pedigreed Chihuahua . Breed them each to a pedigreed member of the same breed ( i.e . GD × GD and Chihuahua × Chihuahuah , not inter-breed mating ) . Raise them in identical environments . According to you , all the offspring should have the same phenotype . Publish your results . You 'll be rich . Go ahead . It should only take a few months . Again , you 'll be rich . What are you waiting for ?	disagree	sarc
“Your claim that `` Even those who supported legal abortion but were against PBAs aligned themselves as “pro-life.” `` Is unfounded unless you can prove this is true ... the polls suggest otherwise.”	“When the pro-life movement began in the early 70 's , being pro-life meant you were 100 % opposed to any and all abortion . In the early 80 's , that standard was watered down to include those who had rape , incest , and the life of the mother exceptions . Now in the 90 's , things have declined so rapidly that someone who is only opposed to partial-birth abortions can sell themselves as pro-life . `` - Pastor Matt Trewhella How does that crow taste ?	disagree	sarc
That 's what bothers me so much about the pro-choice position on personhood regarding a fetus : there is an obvious double-standard . They seem to have no problem with the idea of it being a person when a murderer is convicted of two murders in case of killing a pregnant woman , but they refuse to allow for personhood with the fetus when it comes to the abortion issue . At least they could be consistent .	Actually , we do . These inconsistant laws are a product of pro-life people trying to create a stepping stone to a national ban . Crimes against pregnant women should warrant a more serious offense , not an entirely new offense .	neutral	notsarc
This is wrong . You yourself find `` mental existence '' to be `` sacred ' in a way . There is no rational argument for mental existence being the point of obtaining rights ... no matter how hard any of us try	We 're legally dead when we no longer mentally exist ( hence the term `` brain-dead '' ) , so there is no logical reason to set the beginning point as anything other than the start of the mental existence . Just as people who are dead and without mental existence do not have the ability to obtain rights , a collection of human cells without a mental existence can not obtain rights . I also notice you have resorted to attacking other people 's views rather than following the topic of the thread , which is to share YOUR views .	disagree	notsarc
If you disagree with them , you are branded as a religious zealot who 's determined to take their rights away .	So try actually responding to the points I 'm making rather than just making up stuff to attack me over .	disagree	sarc
And this is because it is now known that body parts are not made up by placing one gene on top of another .	That is so non-specific as to be nonsense . How is that comment relevant to any discussion that has gone before ? Who has ever claimed that body parts are made up by placing one gene on top of another . I suspect that the remark is the direct result of your ignorance of the topic .	disagree	sarc
What does this have to do with nations like England having lower murder rates ? Try to stay on topic .	Did you read the TOPIC ? Evidently not ! Your assignement , should you attempt to take it , is to state your thesis and prove it by fact and not guess and assumptions and WA claims . I have no interest in trying to prove some wall eyed statement from a mouth breather . It is not my job to try to prove your hypotehesis based on guess and innuendo . The facts have been in long ago , posted and you ignored them now you come in to MUDDY THE WATERS AND PRETEND FACTS NEVER EXISTED .	disagree	sarc
I do n't think we have any , sorry . Our gun control advocates have surrendered , finding that their argument is so flawed that it is absolutely insupportable . Those who advocated less than lethal weapons have also been proven fools . Less than lethal weapons have been proven to be less than effective weapons . If you are in a situation where you have to use a weapon , you want a weapon that you KNOW will stop the bad guy , not a weapon that you think has a high probability of stopping the bad guy .	That 's not entirely true . For example , a country that is n't already saturated with , say , handguns , would imo greatly suffer if handguns were suddenly legalised . Banning handguns in a country that is saturated already , is imo , idiotic . -Wez	neutral	notsarc
Ok I 'm put out , I just spent an hour replying to your original post bootfitter and somehow lost it . I 'll sum up . It seems that you would be willing to grant that and unborn baby has the same rights you have , if one could prove that the baby is 'human ' well I could go into the week by week day day thing of how the baby developes . Or I could just ask you . What do you consider to be the reason the baby is NOT human until birth ? or the third trimester or some other point	( Sorry to hear you lost an hour 's worth of work ... I hate it when that happens ! ) I may not have made this clear , but here are the facts : 1 ) A unique human entity comes into existence at the point of conception/fertilization . It is pointless to argue this fact , because the evidence to suggest that this is true is insurmountable . The zygote/blastocyst/embryo/fetus/neonate/baby/child ( whichever label you choose ) is a member of the species homo sapiens sapiens . Period . 2 ) Just because something is human does not necessarily make it a 'human being ' or a 'person . ' These are not scientific terms . It is impossible to 'prove ' that a pre-birth human entity is a 'human being ' under all possible interpretations of a 'human being . ' The argument could be made , for example , that a 'being ' must have some sort of self-awareness . It would be quite difficult to find evidence that suggests that a developing human blastocyst has any self-awareness . So , to answer your question , regardless of what anyone believes , a post-conception entity formed from a human sperm and a human ovum is a unique human entity from that point on . My question to you : What do you consider to be the reason the pre-birth baby is a 'human being ' that deserves 'personhood ' according to the law ?	disagree	notsarc
Waiting until they are born likely gives them no more chance of surviving than killing them in the womb . What chance does an unexpecting child have against a grown person intent on killing him ?	I think they have more of a chance becasue , while many manage to delude themselves into believing that an unborn child is not a baby , it would be much more difficult to convince yourself that a crying baby is n't a baby . Even in the animal kingdom ( which we are all part of ) you see some animals hesitate to kill the young of their own species . Evne coyotes will not generally kill a pup ( I have even seen a pack of coyoptes pass a domestic pup without killing it , though they could have . I am told this is because of the stubby nose , which shows the coyotes that it is , indeed , a puppy , even though it looks unfamiliar to them ) .	neutral	notsarc
The government was right to tighten up the law governing the ownership of firearms after the 1996 Dunblane massacre . But Derrick Bird met the new criteria in the 1997 legislation and duly held licensed weapons . Comments by those who knew him centre around a common theme : it was totally unexpected . That nice , agreeable man simply flipped . But if the post-Dunblane legislation failed to prevent someone like Bird from holding firearms legally , then it is equally clear that it has had no effect on the supply and availability of illegal guns , including automatic rifles and other repeat-action weapons that are used routinely in gang activity in urban areas . Even if , as a result of Cumbria , the government were to make it virtually impossible for farmers and other rural folk to own guns , it would have no impact whatsoever on our efforts to tackle gun crime in urban areas . We would succeed in widening the divide between the two societies , but we would fail in keeping more of our young people alive . And we would only lend credence to those who suggest that the gang members who make guns their weapon of choice are simply congenitally prone to commit violent crime . The real killers in our society are those dealers in death who put illegal firearms in the hands of our young people .	So those who will allow more gun control , should n't you first have to justify the need , then prove that what you want and propose , will work as advertised before we allow you to burden our Inalienable Right as protected by the various Constitutions ?	neutral	notsarc
would you have a problem calling a guy marrage a `` civil union '' ?	Yes , I would . The term is not simply just words . The definition of Civil Unions do not allow for the over 1,100 rights , liberties and protections granted to otherwise Legally Married couples . Civil Unions are non-transportable , meaning a civil union from one state can not be recognized in other states . Now if you would like to call ALL legally recognized unions as Legal marriage , fine . That goes for heterosexuals as well . I just ca n't see that a heterosexual couple would ever want to enter into a `` civil union '' being as they would be denied spousal recognitions and transportability . I have als been asked before , in another forum , if I would be opposed to leaving the decission up to individual states . My answer is , yes . Due to the fact that legal marriages between heterosexual couples are granted federal recognition , benefits and interstate transportability which would be denied to Civil Unions if left up to individual states . Also we all know what would have happened if individual states were allowed to have determined women 's right to vote , interracial marriage and de-segragation . None of those would have happened . Sometimes the general public just does n't know what 's best for their state 's citizens . Much of the voting public is simply just too under-informed or misinformed . HR3313 ( Protection of Marriage Act ) and DOMA ... MUST be repealed and steps to make all rights equal must be taken . The issue of gay marriage rights is indeed a civil rights issue . There is no way around it .	disagree	notsarc
This sedimentary layer would show signs of being layed down in water .	It has been shown in evidence all around the world with something as fragile as a leaf extending through multiple varves . The Geologic Column	neutral	notsarc
Well , it was n't just a footnote that Lott supposedly lost . It was all his raw data to support his claim that 98 % of defensive gun uses do n't involve the firing of the weapon . And Lott did lie because changed his story about who conducted the story . `` When Lott cited the statistic peripherally on page three of his book , he attributed it to 'national surveys . ' In the second edition , he changed the citation to 'a national survey that I conducted . ' He has also incorrectly attributed the figure to newspaper polls and Florida State University criminologist Gary Kleck . '' http : //www.townhall.com/columnists/m ... 20030205.shtml So was it a newspaper poll ? Did Kleck conduct it ? Now Lott claims he did it . If true , he must have been lying when he said that others conducted the study . `` He has forgotten the names of the students who allegedly helped with the survey and who supposedly dialed thousands of survey respondents long-distance from their own dorm rooms using survey software Lott ca n't identify or produce . '' Interesting how he ca n't remember anyone who helped him . `` Lott now admits he used a fake persona , 'Mary Rosh , ' to post voluminous defenses of his work over the Internet . 'Rosh ' gushed that Lott was 'the best professor that I ever had . ' She/he also penned an effusive review of 'More Guns , Less Crime ' on Amazon.com : `` It was very interesting reading and Lott writes very well . '' ( Lott claims that one of his sons posted the review in 'Rosh 's ' name . ) Just last week , 'Rosh ' complained on a blog comment board : `` Critics such as Lambert and Lindgren ought to slink away and hide . '' `` By itself , there is nothing wrong with using a pseudonym . But Lott 's invention of Mary Rosh to praise his own research and blast other scholars is beyond creepy . And it shows his extensive willingness to deceive to protect and promote his work . '' http : //www.townhall.com/columnists/m ... 20030205.shtml	Lott still has his job . There is a big difference .	neutral	notsarc
an unbreakable rock can not exist , simply because its illogical , not because of God 's will . as long as something is classified as a rock , or any other solid for that matter , it can break . in the same way God can not create a round square . then again , God can set limits on himself , in that he can create a situation that he himself can not revoke . in a way it is similar to the hard rock question . for instance , God can not undo his word . if he says something will happen , or never happen , then it can never be undone . according to genesis , one of the things God can not do is destroy the earth by water . in this sense , here is something God can not do . by God 's own declarations he limits his possible actions . but it doesnt make him less than omnipotent . he still possesses the ABILITY to destroy the earth by global flood , but he can not because he can not lie , and for every declaration he makes , its one more thing he can not do	Good point .	neutral	notsarc
What is the convincing evidence ( that would keep one from taking a leap of faith to believe in the theory ) for macroevolution and secular humanism ?	Well , your question does n't need the macro bit in there as evolution happens or it does n't , the `` macro '' bit is once again an artifact of our view on the world ( ie . our short lives make it rather difficult to see evolution shape anything other than the organisms with the fastest of reproductive cycles . ) Given we have evidence of life ( fossils ) changing over time ( radiometric dating and stratigraphy ) we know it takes many of thousands , if not millions of years for noticable to-the-eye changes in animals to occur . Once again it is important to consider perspective- we only have the equivalent of a few frames ( fossils ) from the movie of life ( geological time ) and there is much that is lost to history forever . Still , enough remains to support evolution , unless you were to purposefully disregard the facts we find . On your final point it is rather out of context , and I suspect not accidentally so . I 'm not sure what on earth consitutes `` convincing evidence '' for any philosphical outlook on life , be it theistic or otherwise .	disagree	notsarc
What remarkable prescience , considering that the typewriter was invented in 1874 ,	Really ? Are you denying that evolutionists use the 'random monkey ' example ? There were many typewritters around since , according this , 1714 `` The patent for the first typewritter was given to Henry Mill in 1714 but it had so many problems and was not able to be used . From there came William Burt in 1829 with the same idea to make a system of moving keys to be printed on paper ; his as well was unsuccessful . Finally in 1868 with much researching and playing around with ideas of past inventors Christopher Latham Sholes invented the American typewritter. `` http : //www.sunysuffolk.edu/~wooda87/aw.html	neutral	sarc
Excerpts from the Bible which may point to actual historical events or documented figures do not by rote prove that Jesus walked on water .	No it does not . God never attempted to provide proof anyway , aside from the testimony of a few witnesses . He leaves it to every person to decide for himself and believe in him or not . He requires that we believe in him without solid evidence based solely on the changed lives of those who do believe . Anyone who searches for indisputable evidence of God’s existence will not find it . There will be no physical evidence , no wonders , no miracles , no voice from the sky . You will only see God working in the lives of people or within your own life . That is the basis of faith . To believe what you can not see .	neutral	notsarc
True . My problem is that when someone , for instance Halton Arp , or Robert Gentry and others comes up with a well thought out arguement based on the evidence they are silenced because it goes against the main stream . Science is supposed to encourage challenge not suppress it .	Halton Arp is far from suppressed . Any complaints about telescope time echo the complaints of astronomers everwhere that have to clamor and compete for the same telescopes . And I just looked up Gentry because I 've never heard of him . I 'd say that if he is `` suppressed '' then its merely due to the fact that he has n't survived the peer review process . This is true for any number of people who have devised alternate theories to the BB . None of these guys has a beef with godless creation , they just think they have the right answer . There are people into the plasma universe , and the electric universe , or whatever , then there are people like Eugene Savov and his `` fireworks '' universe . These people are generally considered crackpots , but they are n't pushing creationism , they are just pushing theories weaker than the BB theory . But really , the BB theory has problems all over the place , most physicists will admit this . But Alton Harp has n't produced enough of these `` weird '' redshift images to have any significant statistical impact . I think he has cataloged a few dozen of these , most of which can be explained away . The ones that ca n't are just curiosities . Then there is n't a systematic way to look for these things , so any telescope time he applies for would be taken up by random searching , which is probably why someone else gets the telescope time .	neutral	sarc
Nope the simple concept of genes in a simpler era is dead . Its been dead a long time and the concept advances with our continued scientific progress . Such is the way of the world and it always has been . After all the original concept of gene was totally abstract and not linked to any molecular architecture at all . It was an element of inheritance and it still is !	face it -- life has stumped science -- it can not be defined , it can not be measured ... it can not be explained in any sort of scientific way .	disagree	notsarc
Personhood- being able to think , communicate and feel pain Given this definitions , Reflect on the following questions . 1 . When does a human become a person ? 2 . When does a humna stop being a person ? 3 . Can a fetus be considered human if it has not yet experienced life ? 4 . Can a living human who is brain dead still be considered a person even if he/she can not communicate , understand and experience life ? Just interested in some of your opinions . Thnx .	1 . When their mind develops and begins working . 2 . When their mind stops working . 3 . No , it should not , at least until its mind develops . 4 . No , they are no longer living , and can not exist without their brain .	neutral	notsarc
When you have no constructive comment just attacks the messenger with your insultsand name calling ... ..typical ... ... ... ... ... so very sad ... ... ... .Its radicals like you that hurt the cause of gay rights ... ... ...	Nice job not addressing anything I said . I am not a radical , just informed . I used to work for a sexual violence center and counseled rape victims in college . I am also a victim . Keeping myself up to date on sex crimes is important to me , partly because I want all that can be done to prevent it done . Pointing a finger at gays like this does not do that . This pyschologist sums it up nicely : http : //psychology.ucdavis.edu/rainbo ... lestation.html	disagree	sarc
Al Gore is a shyster riding on the fears of dupes who think mankind controls the earth .	So we do n't ? I thought we had the capacity to destroy it . That seems within the range of control eh ?	disagree	sarc
I 'm looking out from political action in the western world .	And that does n't make you wrong ? But it only applies here despite the mountain of evidence saying I 'm so wrong that I have fecal matter coming out of my pores ! That does n't make you right . Just foolish . And as others have stated in past threads , all that is required to prove your atheistic evolution # # # # claims false is a single theist accepting evolution . As you were annihilated in that formal debate , there 's not much question that your beliefs are not only narrow , but completely self serving and unable to comprehend or incorporate airtight refutations of your asinine claims . in laymans ' terms , you plug you ears and say la-la-la-la when you 're wrong . And you 're not doing very well in that thread . More evidence that you 're not only massively dishonest ( not that anyone disagrees ) but you love cherry picking and ignoring how you 've been ground into dust	disagree	sarc
Second , do you believe there is such a thing as right and wrong ?	Yes , but all concepts of right or wrong are subjective .	neutral	notsarc
That would be true if he did not keep on opening up thread after thread after thread of the same subject . He makes 2 or 3 posts , then runs away to open up another thread .	Yes , i agree with you .	agree	notsarc
Europe has a superior form of government and Americans need to relize this . .	Sorry , but what you do not realize is that we kicked out European forms of government in 1776 . We saved European governments in WW2 . The USA was the very FRIST government ever to be rulled by common and free men . When the USA first had the vote , Europe still had kings and emperors . Europe has become more like the USA and needs to work harder to become more like the USA . The USA had true freedom for more than 100 years before Europe started to get rid of their kings . In a few European countries they still have thier kings . I do not want to see a return of kings the the USA . Europe is almost like the USA , they just need to try a little harder .	disagree	notsarc
However , I will come right out and ask you : HeavenBound -- What is your opinion with regard to the evolution / creationism debate ?	I believe in both creationism and evolution . I realize the evolution process is still going on today . I do n't feel the need to debate the issue as it would probably be a moot point for all involved . All I wanted was some honest answers to my questions .	neutral	notsarc
The `` Big Bang '' theory is just a story that somebody made up ... there is no proof of it .	It 's a valid scientific theory which has been successful .	disagree	notsarc
The theory of pangea ( One continent Earth ) fits the Biblical early Earth .	Yeah , but everything that creationists ca n't deny is claimed to fit the Biblical picture . Please cite the verses . How could all of this tectonic activity have happened in just a few few years after the mythical flood ? You do know that it produces heat , do n't you ?	neutral	sarc
When Chicago passed a ban on handgun ownership in 1982 , it was part of a trend . Washington , D.C. , had done it in 1976 , and a few Chicago suburbs took up the cause in the following years . They all expected to reduce the number of guns and thus curtail bloodshed . District of Columbia Attorney General Linda Singer told The Washington Post in 2007 , `` It 's a pretty common-sense idea that the more guns there are around , the more gun violence you 'll have . '' Nadine Winters , a member of the Washington City Council in 1976 , said she assumed at the time that the policy `` would spread to other places . '' But the fad never really caught fire — even before last summer , when the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the D.C. law and cast doubt on the others , including the Chicago ordinance before the court Tuesday . The Second Amendment may kill such restrictions , but in most places , it was n't needed to keep them from hatching in the first place . Maybe that 's because there were so many flaws in the basic idea . Or maybe it was because strict gun control makes even less sense at the municipal level than it does on a broader scale . At any rate , the policy turned out to be a comprehensive dud . In the years following its ban , Washington did not generate a decline in gun murders . In fact , the number of killings rose by 156 percent — at a time when murders nationally increased by just 32 percent . For a while , the city vied regularly for the title of murder capital of America . Chicago followed a similar course . In the decade after it outlawed handguns , murders jumped by 41 percent , compared with an 18 percent rise in the entire United States . One problem is that the bans did n't actually have any discernible effect on the availability of guns to people with felonious intent . As with drugs and hookers , when there is a demand for guns , there will always be a supply . Who places the highest value on owning a firearm ? Criminals . Who is least likely to fear being prosecuted for violating the law ? Criminals . Who is most likely to have access to illicit dealers ? You guessed it . If we were starting out in a country with zero guns , it might be possible to keep such weapons away from bad guys . But that 's not this country , which has more than 200 million firearms in private hands and a large , perpetual supply of legal handguns . Only a tiny percentage of those weapons has to be diverted to the underground trade for crooks to acquire all the firepower they need . While gun bans greatly impede the law-abiding , they pose only a trivial inconvenience to the lawless . This is especially true at the local level . Banning guns from one city makes about as much sense as banning them on one block . It 's hard enough to halt the flow of guns over international borders , where governments police traffic . It 's impossible to stop them from crossing municipal boundaries — which are unmonitored , undefended and practically invisible . Tens of thousands of cars enter Washington and Chicago each day from places where guns are easily and legally obtainable . Any of those vehicles could be transporting a carton of pistols to sell to willing thugs . If you 're on an island , you 're going to get splashed by the waves . The proponents obviously knew all along this city-by-city approach had serious shortcomings . But they figured it was bound to curtail gun availability somewhat . They also hoped that by prohibiting handguns in one place , they were beginning a bigger process . First , they expected that other cities and states would follow suit . Second , they wagered that strict controls at the local level would acclimate Americans to new regulations at the national level . But things did n't work out that way . The persistence of crime in supposedly gun-free zones did n't build support for broader gun control by showing the limits of piecemeal legislation . It weakened the case , by proving that such regulations have little impact on the people who present the biggest danger . Instead of a broad upward avenue , it was a dead end . Gun control supporters fear that if the Supreme Court invalidates local handgun bans , the consequences will be nothing but bad . That would be easier to believe if the laws had ever done any good .	Only a complete XXXXX , devoid of even the slightest measurable amount of critical thinking skills , would support Chicago 's handgun ban .	neutral	sarc
If you ca n't see the difference between gay marriage and murder then you need your head examining . In a society based on the right to `` life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness '' what is the overriding need that means the rights of gays to the latter must be sacrificed . The saying goes that my right to swing my fist stops at your nose , whose nose is smashed by the right of gays to marry ?	But the difference is , if you take a swing and hit someone , or harm them in a worse way , you can get locked up for it . But no cop is going to bar the door to a chapel where you get married to a same-sex partner , and you wo n't be arrested afterwards . Yes , it 's completely legal for you to do that , right now . Apples and oranges .	disagree	notsarc
Let me get this straight . We ca n't force a woman to give birth if she does n't want the child , but we can force the father to pay for the child 's care regardless of whether he wanted the child or not ? Interesting .	Yes because it is `` officially '' a life . Whether a person believes in life at conception or not they all agree it is life at birth and half way through life it is still life and right before death it is still life . If she does not want the child she can refrain from sex , use a contraceptive or abortion . If he does not want it he can refrain from sex ( not likely for men ) , use a condom ( not a guarantee to work ) , have surgery ( hard to reverse ) but that is it . So if he was to use a condom and get her pregnant she still has the last option .	neutral	notsarc
Obviously I am saying that we do not know whether it is a person or not `` morally , '' as you describe it . Yes , this does suggest a universal moral code . To say that this requires a God tells me you need to learn some philosophy . Ever heard of Kant ? The Categorical Imperative ? Read up on Kant and come tell me a God is necessary for a moral code .	I know something of philosophy , and feel free to use Kant to refute me . I did not say God is necessary for a moral code to exist , I said some sort of Supreme Being is necessary for a moral code to exist objectively outside the human mind . What is your support that we do not know whether it is a person or not “morally” ? I tell you now , a fetus is not morally a person to me . There , you are refuted .	disagree	notsarc
... I was presented with a copy of Evolution : Fact or Fiction which was written by a Professor of Evolution who was appalled when he discovered that a lot of the diagrams used in text books , even at degree level were based on little or no evidence ...	Can you tell us who this `` Professor of Evolution '' is ? There are lots of booklets called entitled `` Evolution : Fact or Fiction '' and all ( aFAIK ) are written by evangelicals with next to no knowledge of evolution at all . Sadly such `` Christians '' are happy to lie about their qualifications if it helps them spread doubt about science . I suspect what you are referring to is one such booklet , but I need a name to know for sure .	neutral	notsarc
Well , it was n't just a footnote that Lott supposedly lost . It was all his raw data to support his claim that 98 % of defensive gun uses do n't involve the firing of the weapon . And Lott did lie because changed his story about who conducted the story . `` When Lott cited the statistic peripherally on page three of his book , he attributed it to 'national surveys . ' In the second edition , he changed the citation to 'a national survey that I conducted . ' He has also incorrectly attributed the figure to newspaper polls and Florida State University criminologist Gary Kleck . '' http : //www.townhall.com/columnists/m ... 20030205.shtml So was it a newspaper poll ? Did Kleck conduct it ? Now Lott claims he did it . If true , he must have been lying when he said that others conducted the study . `` He has forgotten the names of the students who allegedly helped with the survey and who supposedly dialed thousands of survey respondents long-distance from their own dorm rooms using survey software Lott ca n't identify or produce . '' Interesting how he ca n't remember anyone who helped him .	Yet , tehre seem to be people who remember taking the poll . Regardless , in his report it was a minor point . From a realistic standpoint , it took nothing away from the report when he removed it . Lott was investigated for this , just like Bellisiles . He was not found guilty of any academic misconduct ( unlike Bellesiles ) . When you consider the thousands fo data sets that he compiled to put that report together , the folks investigating him did n't think it was at all unbelieveable that he scoudn ; t remeber the details of where that number came from . Again , though , he ended up removing that number from his report ( the single place that it appeared ) and apologised for using it since he could not provide the raw data or a good cite for it . Here is how he responded to the article you link to : http : //johnrlott.tripod.com/malkinsoped.html It is rather interesting , and well documented . It addresses a couple of inacuracies in the article , such as the misconseption that he had attributed the disputed numner to Kleck .	neutral	notsarc
Out of the approximate 1 million abortions DO YOU know how many are women of RAPE ? No you do n't because the statisitcs are NOT out there .	Well , you are talking to Mr. Statistics here so I am quite aware of how few abortions result from women who become pregnant following rape ... . the numbers are not hard to find even from the sort of `` official '' unbiased sources many pro-lifers seem so quick to decry . For example , first hit on Google . Or if you have the patience to read it , this article . Now we settled that , you are asserting it is fine to deny the women of South Dakota access to abortion if they are pregnant from a rape just because they are in a minority . I have problems with such an approach .	disagree	notsarc
Accurate , but does not suggest what was reported is incorrect . In other words , exactly what I , and the article said about the study . I usually post this caveat every time I post the study , but neglected to do so this time for fear of repeating myself time and time again , and again , and again .	No , the article that you linked to claimed the report said that gun control is ineffective . However , the report itself made no such claim- only that there was not evidence to conclusively establish one way or the other that gun control is effective or ineffective .	disagree	notsarc
That is generally true .	Not really ; genetics has a hell of a lot to do with it . How do you think most hot women and attractive men get that way ? Beauty sleep ? ( Oh , wait , must be plasticity ... )	neutral	sarc
Here is what he said in context . And as you can see , he also rejected giving marriage rights/benefits to unmarried straight couples also , not just to gay couples .	1 ) The context changes nothing . The comment is the same with or without more sentences surrounding it . 2 ) `` rejected giving marriage rights/benefits to unmarried straight couples '' ? ? ? That 's like saying , `` I believe that black votes should not be counted , and whites who choose not to vote should also not have their votes counted . '' To try and compare a situation where one group has the CHOICE to use a right , and then chooses not to , to a second group that is DENIED that choice , is mind-bogglingly absurd .	neutral	notsarc
Hey I 'm new . I am also pro-life 100 % . No Exceptions .	Does that mean you are also aganist invitro fertilization ?	neutral	notsarc
I guess my attempt at humor was a bit too subtle for you .	Oh . Dammit , at least make it a little more obvious . By the way some of these people think on this forum it sounded pretty realistic to me .	neutral	sarc
As for marijuana being bad for you..you sound like my friend who is a pot head . Let me be the first to say ( since I know way to many weed addicts ... side effect of liking DMB I guess ) marijuana does do more damage then one might think . It WILL make you an XXXXX if you are a chronic user .	Come on , it wo n't make you an XXXXX . It will make you a lazy , forgetful slob if you let it . Nobody 's saying that marijuana is health food , they 're just saying as a drug it 's no worse than certain currently legal drugs .	disagree	sarc
: . . . One more thing & # 8212 ; one more thing I forgot to mention . One other thing we can do is to track the weapons that we have in Mexico . If we manage to detect weapons sold illegally in the United States in violation of this law on the control of weapons exports , or if , in the United States , they can have & # 8212 ; probably move forward on a good registry of armament or on the prohibition of certain massive sales of weapons , for example , to a hunter or to a common citizen & # 8212 ; we know that these people do not usually buy hundreds of rifles or assault weapons or grenades & # 8212 ; if we can move forward in those areas , I do believe that security both of the United States and Mexico will improve because those weapons are pointing against Mexican people and Mexican officials today .	President Obama Backs Inter-American Arms Treaty	neutral	notsarc
Originally posted by kelvin90701 The crime rates : http : //story.news.yahoo.com/news ? tm ... satoday/5248273 Does not even mention guns .	So ? There are other articles and books that do . Is your link the ultimate authority on the cause of crime ?	neutral	notsarc
a Hey everyone -- -I 'm new here . CAn somebody tell me why it 's worth while to have an abortion and why it 's not worth while to have an abortion . I 'm not asking in a mean way . I just do n't know the sides of abortion ... Can anyone help me ? Evelyn Waugh .	If you were the real Evelyn Waugh who converted to catholicism you would know the answer to your question by now	neutral	sarc
Indeed true . God created man in his own likeness and man returned the favor . Man created a vindictive , vengeful , and vicious god , according to the Bible . So where does a loving god come from ?	The character of God seems to be in the eye of the beholder ... Or non-existant .	neutral	sarc
Really , it 's a two sided coin . If a theory such as evolution can be taught in school , against many people 's beliefs , why ca n't creationism , without using the excuse that it 's `` illegal '' .	Because the theory of evolution is the result of science and therefore should be taught in science class . ID is NOT science and therefore should NOT be taught in science class . It 's that simple .	neutral	notsarc
I do n't have a problem with that either . They 're still contracts between consenting parties . The government has no legitimate interest promoting or discouraging either .	So lets us and gays be honest when they/us talk about their 'right ' to marriage . We should not argue that gays should have the 'right ' to marry we should argue that the definition of ' marriage ' should be changed . Whether you have or have not any objections to gay marriage only matters to you . What matters is the opinions of the people who individually or collectively can change the law	neutral	sarc
What is shown very clearly from all of these scientific interpretation of the same evidence is that there are two ways to interpret it .	Unfortunately for you , that is not shown , the evidence points in one direction , and one direction only . That of evolution and to the fact that the flood never happened .	disagree	sarc
If human life is an absolute value than how can you allow serial killers to remain a threat to others by NOT executing them ?	Well , because the value of that life does n't depend on what the perosn does , it is independent from that . I want to protect human life , that 's why murderers go to jail , but I ca n't kill a person as penalty because I deny that very desire to protect life . What¡s the difference , then , between the state killing a crimminal that has been condemned by a court , and me going to a jail and doing it myself ? Should I be put in jail ? Was n't I performing justice ?	disagree	sarc
Hello all . I am new here . I 've been lurking a bit and wondered why homosexuality is even an issue for heteros ? Is it because it 's been hated or `` taboo '' for so long ( a learned reaction perhaps ) ? As a heterosexual , how has homosexuality hurt or affected your life in any way ? As a heterosexual , what gives you the right to dictate how homosexual people live ? What if you have a non-christian living here in America ( that would be me ) ... do you require them to live their lives the Christian way ? Please explain . Thanks , Ladywolf	Well Ladywolf , that is really more of an argument than it is an honest question . If marriage was truly a private affair that impacted nobody outside the couple themselves , then , yes , that question would be valid . But that is a very shallow understanding and a very uninformed understanding of the nature of marriage , because marriage is just as much — if not more so — about the community as it is about the couple themselves . But it 's not the community that gets married . No , it 's not the community that gets married , but it 's the community that enforces marriage and develops marriage . We need to understand that marriage is just as much a social norm — a social ideal — of the kind of behavior that we expect and need for a healthy vibrant society ; as much as it is about the emotional commitment of two people . One of the biggest issues is the social role of marriage . Marriage domesticates men . Men who are not attached permanently to a woman are men that will practice and engage in socially unhealthy behaviors at a much higher level . How will same-sex marriage effect the concept of `` marriage '' ? Marriage becomes reduced down to nothing , because the moral argument for same-sex marriage is the same moral argument for group marriage , for polygamy , and it is going to be impossible to deny polygamous groups — and group marriage people — who come forth in all sincerity and say , `` If you ca n't restrict marriage to only couples of opposite sex , then you ca n't restrict marriage to only two people . '' They are all very much interwoven . The three things that you lose are : 1 ) the domesticating influence of marriage on men ; 2 ) the protective influence of marriage upon women from being victimized and objectified by men ; and 3 ) it provides mothers and fathers for children . When monogamy is lost as an ideal , the idea that a man should commit himself and forego all other sexual relationships but ( the one with ) his wife , then women become commodities to be used and collected by men . When committing yourself to a woman and subjugating your sexual desires for the sake of that woman — when that becomes just one lifestyle choice among many , it is devastating to a culture . Same-sex `` marriage '' also denies every child it touches access to either a mother or father . It is never compassionate to intentionally deny a child either a mother or father .	disagree	notsarc
The difference , and I think it is a significant difference , is that Omegamon spoke of feeling the threat of potential harm . I believe that understanding the risks that are faced every day does not require being fearful of those risks . Nor does it require being stupidly fearless . We all take reasonable steps to reduce our risk of danger every day . To me , the use of a firearm to reduce risk does not seem all that reasonable . The intent of my opening post was to find out why Omegamon and others feel differently .	Because we have different experiences than you and are more educated on the subject . The only ones who tend to ask `` Why do you feel you need a firearm to protect yourself '' are the ones who 've never faced such a situation and do n't know what it 's like to be in such a position .	neutral	sarc
I do n't want to do anything as far as laws are concerned . I would recommend that she and the father raise the child , but sadly that may not happen . I will just continue to have pity for all of the irresponsible `` lovers '' out there .	And ill continue to have pity for abused and unplanned pregnant women lacking basic healthcare .	neutral	sarc
Nothing other than natural selection which man has been aware of for thousands of years has been proven .	Microevolution has occured . Several times over and recorded in the lab and the natural world .	neutral	notsarc
So the start of personhood for a particular person is a variable , based on that individual’s memory . Twenty years ago I could remember events at my fourth birthday , but today those memories are gone . For a while I had personhood at 4 years of age , but today , looking back , I did not have personhood until I was 6 . As I age and my memory fails , it may turn out that I did not have personhood until I was 21 years old . Personnhood comes and goes . Do I have it right ? ”Not aware” ? ? ? ? ? ? ? Not aware of what ? Shoot a gun behind them and they will flinch . They are aware of loud noises . Throw them wildly into the air and they will cry . They are aware of their own movement . Pinch them , they will cry . They are self aware as they chew on their toes . And of course puppies are aware as well . Unless of course I do not understand what you mean by aware .	My goal was not to state a precise definition because as you say everyone is different but to say the age that a person becomes aware in a substantial way . As far as I can see puppies are probably more functional then human babies are probably just as intelligent . I don’t see why you would have trouble with the comparison .	neutral	notsarc
Strike 5	And his argument ( or lack therof ) is gone .	neutral	sarc
It appears that your beef is with the prestige associated with being able to say `` We 're married . '' as opposed to recognizing yourselves as `` same-sex couples with all the rights and privileges afforded married couples '' .	That argument cuts both ways . The question comes up regarding what 's YOUR beef on the issue ? Why are you so insistent on maintaining two separate groups ? Is it because you want to reserve marriage as `` prestigous '' whereby gays are kept out ?	neutral	notsarc
Did you read the article ? A capuchin is type of monkey , in this case , the type that was used in the experiment .	Really ? Oh , derrrr ! Obviously , some people no longer use a sense of humour ; a relic .	neutral	sarc
One idea is that organisms are equipped with the flexibility to change their physical or other features during development to accommodate environmental changes , a phenomenon called phenotypic plasticity . The change typically does n't show up in the genes . For instance , in social bees , both the workers and guards have the same genomes but different genes get activated to give them distinct behaviors and appearances . Environmental factors , such as temperature and embryonic diet , prompt genetic activity that ends up casting one bee a worker and the other a guard . If beneficial , this flexibility could be passed on to offspring and so can lead to the evolution of new features in a species . `` This plasticity is heritable , and natural selection can favor different kinds of plasticity , depending on the range of environmental conditions the organism encounters , '' Pigliucci said .	Bertvan : Endogenous Adaptive Mutagenesis proposes that living individual organisms , not their genomes , respond to internal and environmental challenges , intelligently and purposefully , that such adaptations are inherited epigenetically , as they develop , and the phenotype only instigates a reorganization of its genome to reflect such adaptations if they persistent over many generations .	neutral	notsarc
Originally posted by Pie Hmm , just found this . Turns out that the theropod theory is n't as solid as it seems . If this is incorrect , and you can prove it ( this pertains primarily to Lurch ) try not to get your panties in a twist , okay ? There are a couple problems here : -There are supposed `` inherited similaritys '' in the forelimbs of birds and theropods . Both have a three-fingered `` hand '' , but embryological studies indicate that the `` hand '' of the bird consist of digits II-III-IV , but theropods have I-II-III . This is very contrary to the view that theropods evolved evolved into birds . ( Burke A.C. and Feduccia A. Developmental patterns and the identification of homologies in the avian hand . Science , 24 October 1997 , Volume 278 , 666-668 ) . -A second problem is the structure of the lungs . When studied , Sinosauropteryx revealed that in theropods , the thoracic cavity is seperate from the abdominal cavity near the diaphram . Birds have no such separation . There is no clear way that this could change without debilitating effects to the bird . ( Ruben J.A. , Jones T.D. , Geist N.R . and Hillenius W.J . Lung structure and ventilation in theropod dinosaurs and early birds . Science , 14 November 1997 , Volume 278 , 1267-1270 ) . -Finally , the hips are a trouble spot . While birds are `` bird hipped '' ( duh ) the theropod dinosaurs were `` lizard hipped '' . If evolution is true , then birds should have evolved from the ornithischian dinosaurs , whom were bird hipped .	Did you get this from a website or did you actually go and browse the journals ? I 'm guessing the former as these objections have been specifically addressed before . Do you really expect to learn anything by copying creationist argument after creationist argument from websites that usually requires an understanding , that has taken biologists years to learn , then simply say `` here , deal with this '' ? Yet when the errors are explained you simply move on to the next subject . I asked myself some time ago , `` What would it take to convince myself that evolution is a good explanation for biodiversity '' , then I set out a series of subjects I did n't understand , read as much creationist material as I could find , then juxtaposing it with as much evolutionary material as I could find and tried to see who was most convincing . Three years and half a biological science degree later I came to several conclusions . 1 ) Creationists have little understanding about the nature of science and evolution for many reasons . 2 ) Evolutionary Biologists have already thought of objections that take creationists years to come up with and debunked them several times over , or made appropriate changes to hypothesis with explanations that are several orders of magnitude more impressive than any creationist material . 3 ) Creationists will obstinately perpetuate falsehoods with inordinate banality , misquote out of context , demonise and vilify beyond logical explanation . 4 ) Evolutionary theory is predictive , falsifiable , consistent , parsimonious and well established amongst the scientific community ; it is the best scientific explanation for biological diversity . As much as I hate saying `` here read this '' , hip morphology is confusing and complicated but is well explained in the journal of dinosaur palaeontology . Follow the link if you want to resolve the confusion with hips . Let 's try and keep it civil people .	neutral	notsarc
There 's also a species of Nematode worm that lives only in damp beer mats . One of the Post-Grads at my old Uni did his doctorate on them , I 've tried looking for a link to the research a few times but so far have n't come across it .	Yep life is sometimes incredibly fine tuned . Create and maintain an oddball environment and some existing species will move in or if there is no existing species which can use the environment something may well eventually evolve to do so . Microbes are incredibly efficient at this because of their short generation times . So are things like nematodes etc .	agree	notsarc
A ) I 'm not a member there .	That can be easily remedied .	neutral	notsarc
A devoutly religious person would disagree with all the statements in the Humanist Manifesto that I highlighted . Would they believe that public policy should be based on things that they do n't believe ?	Yes . I know of no one who agrees with all government policies , or all of the premesis that they 're based on . But we do all agree ( or at least almost all ) that we need some method for forming those policies . Compromises must be made . A religious secularist could believe , for example , that if we allow religious beliefs to dictate policy than it 's just a matter of time before general religious freedom is compromised for all but those who follow the religion of the ruling party . Rather than risk that they would think it an acceptable compromise to have some policies that they do n't agree with , as long as they do n't actively compromise their faith .	neutral	notsarc
f it does n't , that pretty much debunks the flood `` theory '' . But you just ignore that do n't you ?	The `` flood : scientifically possible ? '' thread is evidence that arch ignores essentially everything scientifically and factually relevant about the flood . Fossil record shows sorting largely by complexity , not density . Huh . That 's magic water ! Geological record lacks a uniform layer of sediment similar to the K-T iridium layer . Magic water again ! Geological record does n't support massive geological changes happening in 4,000 years . Magic Land perhaps ? Basic marine organisms ca n't tolerate massive salinity changes . Maybe Noah had a giant magical aquarium ?	neutral	notsarc
Perhaps an analogy . Lets say for the sake of the argument you do not smoke or drink ( personally against it , for whatever reason ) . However , you believe others should have the right to drink and smoke if they so choose . So , you are personally against drinking and smoking but you are `` pro-choice '' in that regard ( meaning you believe every person should make that determination for themselves ) . Pro-life would be : You do n't drink and smoke ( morally against it perhaps ) and you are going to make sure that no one else is able to either .	This is a poor poor analogy . Abortion is dealing with the decision to end another 's life in order to sustain a preferred lifestyle . I think you may have been better off putting it this way . Say you dont drive drunk ( personally against it for whatever reason ) . However , you believe others should have the right to drive drunk if they so choose . So , you are personally against drunk driving but you are `` pro-choice '' in that regard ( meaning you believe every person should make that determination for themselves ) . Therefore there should be no laws preventing it and no punishment for the sad results . Pro-life would be : You do n't drive drunk ( morally against it perhaps ) and you are going to make sure no one else is able to either .	disagree	sarc
there is nothing surprising about my being able to think for myself and reject the religion of evolution .	Too bad evolution is a scientific theory and an empirically verified fact .	disagree	sarc
: It probably would have been better if Scalia had said to himself when the case was brought before the court , `` There certainly is no consensus about the meaning of the Second Amendment and I , as an amateur historian , am certainly not going to force my own personal views on others . I will let the people decide through their elected representatives how much gun control is necessary in their own communities . '' Nice interpretation by Dennis Henigan of HCI . He would have loved that but pretending it has n't been ruled as an individual right by the 82nd Congress , the DOJ in August 2004 with all the history and also by 35 Supreme Court rulings and TWO CENTURIES of lower court cases that fills a 660 pg . book with majority opinion , he is either deaf/blind or outright deceitful ... I opt for the latter . He and they know full well that all the courts now are bound to consider any Second Amendment case as a civil rights issue thanks to this ruling . `` letting people decide '' has already been done , once when the Constitution was ratified with the BOR and again when the XIVth Amendment was passed . He may as well say race issues will be decided by elected representatives the racial balance necessary in their own communities '' He is completely dishonest and knows full well that this is a Republic based on the Law of the Land , The Constitution and not a democracy as he suggests . One may as well follow the Piper over the cliff like a herd of lemmings to not recognize this time worn tune played by the gun grabbers .	Even new Justice Sotomayor , who claimed she ruled by precedent will be bound by the Heller Decision if she remains true to her purported philosophy . The debate between Sui Juris and Res Judicia should no longer be an issue with the liberals on this RIGHT ! It either applies to all or it applies to none which would result as Justice W.O . Douglas wrote : `` a revolution '' . It is in the government 's ( federal especially ) best interests to keep our soldiers employed in foreign countries . BTW , I think the court decision in Nunn vs. State of Georgia did the best summation of this right !	neutral	notsarc
It 's not . Education , from K-12 and higher is incredibly expensive . Most private schools and universities live on the donations of their alumni . My private highschool was short $ 2,000 after tuition . $ 60 million short every year .	Well , your thinking with a given market of a few . Public school is monopoly , and the price is way out of line according to the real demand . I 'm quite sure that it would adjust accordingly ... hell , if one could afford a computer , then one can afford an education via online .	neutral	notsarc
I do n't have a large amount of interest in this topic and thus have n't heard alot of argument for or against it . I do n't have an opinion and stand no chance against those who know beyond infinite times more on this topic than I do . But regardless , I still have a question . Maybe I 'm wrong but , is n't lowering shootings a siginificant point in those who want to ban guns ? So they want to make the guns illegal and thus the only place they would be available is in the `` black market '' . Now we all know that guns in cases serve as a form of self protection from other people who would want to commit harm to the indiviusal . It is simply an average law abiding man who wants to have this pistol or handgun to protect him and or his family from those who would want to bring harm upon him family . The illegalization of these handguns would make it virtually impossible for those law abiding to get one of these guns in hopes of protecting his loved ones . I suppose a hope for those for the illegalization is that this would keep guns out of the hands of criminals . But that does n't make much sense . Making it against the law to own a gun is not going to stop the selling , posession and illegal use of them . Instead it only takes protection out of the hands of those who who only want to use it for `` good '' and does not do alot for those who would use it for `` evil '' . Like weed , making guns illegal would not lower the crime rate , but instead may very well increase those innocent dead because they were without protection .	Your argument is akin to saying `` We ca n't stop people over-dosing on heroin , so let 's legalise it '' Why have limitations on hand-grenades or mines ? People use mines all over the world for bad . Obviously laws are n't going to work ... but perhaps the laws are also suggestive of a particular ethos ; a set of standards that the community believe are necessary for a civil society . Thus , a nation such as New Zealand , or Australia , promotes a more 'community-minded ' citizen then an 'individualisticlly-minded ' citizen . This also carries over into general attitudes towards one 's neighbours . In America , you 're in fear that what little you have is going to be plundered by blacks or hispanics , or commies or someone . Even the government 's out to rip away your rights . This 'seige ' mentality permeates American society . For the interest of those who are n't aware , gun ownership for self-protection ( from nasty criminals ) is not protected by the Constitution ... it is written to state that a well-armed militia is necessary for the protection of rights .	disagree	sarc
What ? Now you are for 17yr old getting married ,	I think I said . I DO N'T CARE .	disagree	sarc
Sorry Jo . Here in the US if an intruder comes into your house , you do n't have to get a lawyer and spend your life 's saving proving that you are n't the criminal . Here , we pay the $ 100 to have the blood removed from the carpet , let the coroner carry out the body and move on .	And how many murderers have got away with it because they lured their victim to their home ? And how many people have got away with killing someone just for trespassing . I 'm glad I live in a civilised country where the aim is to avoid people getting killed .	disagree	sarc
What is IIDB ?	Ah , IIDB stands for Internet Infidels Discussion Board . It 's a board similar to this one , only a large portion of the posters there are actual professionals in fields like evolutionary biology , etc ( I beleive we have a few scientists and teachers here - I 'm a Geological Engineer myself , but not even close to the large amount of experts there ) . It 's really a good place to educate yourself in evolution and various other fields ( I know I 've learned a lot there ) . There are also plenty of other subjects ( similar to the Religion and other sections on here ) . If you want to check it out , it 's at http : //http : //iidb.org/vbb/index.php	agree	notsarc
A `` real man '' helps those who he loves , whether he likes what they did . A father loves his sons and daughters , despite what they do , rather in spite of what they have done .	Absolutely .	agree	notsarc
This is a statement written by someone who obviously has not read scripture . One of the most astonising `` proofs '' if you will , that the Bible is of supernatural origin , is predictive prophecy . Science can not , as you claim , `` explain '' everything , and it has no natural explanation for the predictions made in scripture . How can science explain through statistical probablity the over 600 prophecies in Biblical writings that have come to pass ? Also , how can it explain how supposedly uneducated people ( uneducated in the ways of modern science ) wrote about astronomy as if they knew about the universe as we do today . How could they have described the hydrological cycle as we have only come to know it recently ? Ecclesiastes 1:6 The wind goes toward the south , And turns around to the north ; The wind whirls about continually , And comes again on its circuit .	Wind goes north , south , east , and west , and it 's always blowing somewhere , how does this relate to any kind of a scientific understanding of wind ? Record the conversation of any two Joe Sixpacks in a coffee shop as they talk about the weather and you have about the same level of science involved .	disagree	sarc
You are correct in saying that I am not an atheist . I do n't think anyone can truly be an atheist , although many claim to be . The most anyone can be is an agnostic . To be an atheist , one must have absolute knowledge about everything ; they must be omniscient .	Nonsense . You are a theist because you assert the existance of a god . Most atheists do n't assert anything . They just do n't believe that a god exists . One does not need absolute knowledge . Since there is no evidence for a god , an atheist does n't believe in one . You are confused . You are confused when you make it a positive assertion . That 's funny . A YEC who claims to think for himself . A freethinker is one who rejects dogma , especially that of religion . The fossils are dated by a variety of methods . One of the best is to date a layer of volcanic ash .	disagree	sarc
A fossil that looks like the modern species ?	The fossils do n't look like modern species . That is why they are put in different genera , nay , different families . Would you like to supply us with photos of fossils and modern species ? And a detail , taxonomic comparison that indicated how they are the same species ? -	neutral	sarc
youre more concerned about those 22 to 30 thousand gun laws but Im more concerned about the 22 to 30 thousand lives taken by gun violence each year and when youre dead guess what ? then BANG ! you dont have anymore rights protected by the bill of rights because youre dead so if youre really pro american and pro bill of rights then you should worry more about getting good gun control laws passed to protect peoples lives so they can enjoy their rights without having to worry about being shot and losing all their rights maybe youve just been decieved and dont understand what youre supporting	Half of all firearms-related deaths are suicides . Out of the remaining 11 to 15 thousand deaths , the vast majority are the results of police shootings or gang wars . Neither of these are linked to widespread legal gun ownership , nor can they be curtailed with evermore laws . Only a fool would believe more laws against guns will affect gang members .	disagree	sarc
Yes . I believe it 's a matter of personal individual freedom . If purchased legally , and not used to commit a crime , what harm comes from handgun ownership ? I do n't own one , but I own many other guns . If they can ban handguns , what 's to stop them from banning shotguns , or even BB guns ?	Shotguns are used for hunting . BB guns are n't useful when robbing a store as they 're too 'weak ' . I see no legal use handguns can fulfil , although I 'm fairly neutral on banning them , if the country is already saturated with them . I do n't see what it 's going to achieve ; the people who will mis-use the guns already have them . If there were no handguns in Canada I would support the ban , but as presumably there are already lots , I do n't think the ban 's a great idea . -Wez	neutral	sarc
Where would you find such a preposterous abuse of objectivity in the name of `` science '' - and your point is ? Fact is grant money is n't going to embryonic stem cell research because it has n't yielded results favorable to the investment ... now scientism on the other hand has an agenda in supporting the pro-choice contingent they do n't care about objectivity , truth , right ... wrong ... evidence , fact , reason , common sense , clinical trials . All they care about is their agenda , abortion on demand . Thought I 'd poke a hole the glass of Kool-Aid you folks are guzzling here : Stem Cell Research - The Next Four Years Under Barack Obama | Science Blog Congressman Daniel Lipinski - ( July 30 , 2007 ) Adult Stem Cell Research Puts Patients First , Proponents Say	Attending church cuts risk of death ? Methinks your little website is biased . As for stem cell research , I am for whatever works best . We should not compromise on something worse than stem cells because of a moral issue . Stem cells are simply cells , nothing more . To suggest otherwise is ridiculous . However , if adult stem cells hold the key , and are more promising than embryotic stem cells , fine . Whatever works best , but this is not a moral debate . This is a science debate . To suggest this has something to do with advocating for a woman 's right to abortion is absurd . This is about helping people only , born people . Real people .	disagree	sarc
Is it your position that if it were n't for religious laws mandating you from stealing and killing , that you would go out and do it ?	Why not , think about it . No rules , all we are , are animals . If atheism is true , that is what we are left with . Go ahead make an argument for morality .	neutral	sarc
Usually it is right there in the title , such as `` theory of relativity '' . The theory of ralativity has not been proven , there is still room for debate on it , so it is a theory .	Actually , no . It has been quite conclusively shown that the theory of relativity is correct . It is the sign of a scientific illiterate to claim that a theory is somehow doubted because it has n't been `` proven . '' No theory grows up to be a law .	disagree	sarc
Originally posted by Gabor One of the most hilarious ones is the idea that the laws are the `` intrinsic '' properties of matter . So a piece of stone has the force of gravity as its own property does not it ? This is `` mythology '' and the worst of it .	Well , I 've personally measured the gravitational pull of a ball of lead about 5cm in diameter . Are you suggesting that angels push the planets around ? That was the leading theory before Newton .	disagree	sarc
The Bible tells us God is involved in our creation from the womb : `` Did not He who made me in the womb make him , And the same one fashion us in the womb ? ( Job 31:15 ) Yet Thou art He who didst bring me forth from the womb ; Thou didst make me trust when upon my mother 's breasts . Upon Thee I was cast from birth ; Thou hast been my God from my mother 's womb . ( Psalms 22:9-10 ) For Thou didst form my inward parts ; Thou didst weave me in my mother 's womb . I will give thanks to Thee , for I am fearfully and wonderfully made ; Wonderful are Thy works , And my soul knows it very well . My frame was not hidden from Thee , When I was made in secret , And skillfully wrought in the depths of the earth . Thine eyes have seen my unformed substance ; And in Thy book they were all written , The days that were ordained for me , When as yet there was not one of them . ( Psalms 139:13-16 ) Thus says the LORD who made you And formed you from the womb , who will help you , `Do not fear , O Jacob My servant ; And you Jeshurun whom I have chosen . ( Isaiah 44:2 ) Thus says the LORD , your Redeemer , and the one who formed you from the womb , `` I , the LORD , am the maker of all things , Stretching out the heavens by Myself , And spreading out the earth all alone , ( Isaiah 44:24 )	Then Exodus says the following :	neutral	notsarc
Germany , Africa , China , Japan , Australia , United Kingdom , Turkey , etc .	Huh ?	neutral	notsarc
And as we all know , there has n't been a rational reason for limiting marriage .	Well , of course the issue is n't `` limiting '' marriage , but rather making it more open-ended . But again , either way , it 'll be a moot point before too long .	neutral	notsarc
That’s a bit creepy . Let me ask you something . You think there are no objective rights and wrongs , I believe there are . Do you think I’m wrong ?	All concepts of right and wrong are subjective . It is that atheists and agnostics are more honest about it .	neutral	notsarc
A light year is the distance light would travel in a year if at the speed we have computed it to be on earth . How gravity affects light in space in pure specualtion as almost all of the cosmological theories are .	Ever heard of gravitational lensing ? It was the FIRST test of general relavtivity back in 1919. http : //archive.ncsa.uiuc.edu/Cyberia ... steinTest.html	neutral	notsarc
In doing so , you have just castrated the power of the court to protect the minority from the tyranny of the majority . By your response , the court 's decision must match the majority . And as already noted , it 's the MAJORITY THAT WANTS the discrimination in the first place .	Yes , that 's true . If the majority places discriminations in place and the Court is bound to enforce the law as written , then the Court is bound to enforce that discrimination . That is democracy , and that is the rule of law . If we choose to undermine that democracy , which we have done , we have to be very careful where that leads . What we end up with is less and less of a representative democracy . Who has the power at the end of it ? Certainly not `` the people '' .	neutral	notsarc
It does n't matter if it 's 'earth shattering ' or not . By admitting that we hold different standards for the Bible proves my entire point : hypocrisy on the part of skeptics . More proof to prove my point , thanks ! It does not matter what the document contains ! The same procedure should be done for every document . What the writing says is irrelevant to its authenticity !	What ? ! Then how do we discount the Gospel of Thomas or any of the gnostic gospels ? How are they wrong and the canonical gospels true ? If historians held the `` it does not matter what the document contains '' standard , there 'd be no knowing anything .	neutral	notsarc
All of these nations have had one gun ban after another , after enacting registration schemes . Do you have the nerve to deny this fact ?	Cherry picking again .	neutral	sarc
Why should regular people , simply looking to sell off a few pieces of their collection , be forced to abide by business regulations instituted for organized companies that 're about making a profit ?	Well , my point is that they ( I , you , or any collector ) should n't be forced but rather , that it is a smart thing to do in order to make sure you are not selling a firearm to a felon ( which could land you in prison ) .	neutral	sarc
Brady , I wonder if you 'd think differently if those two guys got away , raped your wife , killed your kids , burned your house , and you somehow knew that they could 've been stopped back in Texas .	Well we are waiting for the answer Mr.Brady , how say you ? would you think differently ? or are you gon na dodge Ethmi 's hypothetical question , which is by the way a damned good one .	agree	sarc
Arab 's birth rate - 7-10 kids Birth rate in UK - below 2 ... . And we wonder why it seems muslims are taking over the world ... DUH ! ! ! THEY care about life more than the `` free '' world ... . I believe that one of the reasons we are dealing with terrorism in the world is because we are committing mass murder on babies in the womb ... Need i say more ...	Why should they kill a human being in the womb , whether this human being is Arab or not ? Are n't the Arab and non-Arab created by God ? Why all this discrimination among the creation of God ? eanassir	neutral	sarc
I am more confused how Libertarian ideology can be used against abortion rights . However pro-life laws often lead to tyranny .	I think the main pro-life argument from the libertarian camp is that pro-life laws are a form of `` negative intrusion , '' just like laws against murder , rape or theft . Libertarian ideology centers around a belief in negative government - a government that can effectively protect its citizens from rapists , murderers , thieves , etc . They oppose both positive government ( i.e . totalitarianism ) and anarchy . Granted , I am not certain if anti-abortion laws are truly negative intrusion . These Libertarians for Life seem to have it figured out , but I am not sure if anti-abortion laws are positive or negative intrusion .	neutral	notsarc
Originally posted by lurch Evolution is a change in the frequency in alleles in a population over time .	Could you please cite where you are getting this biological definition of evolution ?	neutral	notsarc
Well , I would agree that as many constitutional ammendments probably would not have passed , but I certainly do n't think they all would not have been passed , and I do n't think that Massachusettes allowing same-sex marriage was a bad thing . Constitutional ammendments are difficult to overcome , but no one can ever change a law if people are n't willing to take a stand and fight for it . Can you tell that I love the quote in Jyoshu 's signature ?	I believe the Congress in Mass is still fighting what their Supreme Court did and I am pretty sure they will be trying to pass and amendment there in the next year ... ... ... .. It will be very interesting to see what happens ... ... ... ... ..	agree	notsarc
Fortunately , the Bolshevik Revolution failed . 1989 , the Berlin Wall came a-tumbling down , along with Soviet Ideology . Communism is a failed philosophy and the free world has soundly rejected it .	Of course the bolshevik revolution was doomed from the start as Russia was not indsutrialised and the revolution was imposed by a minority of the bourgeoisie rather than a mass movement of the proletariat ( not that there was a proletariat in Russia at the time ) .	agree	notsarc
What a condescending attitude you have . In case you have n't noticed , you are a very small part of the human race that you smuggly hold in contempt . ( Thankfully small ! ) Your mission should be to improve it , not to stand back and claim you are better than everybody else , as you seem to do .	Here you are making an entirely unsooprted assumption , that I see myself as better than everybody else or that I am somehow smug in my views . I am no better or worse than most . We are all just the same tailess monkeys that walked out of the jungle so many millions of years ago . we are not particularly enlightenend , nor are we likely to become so .	neutral	sarc
When you use the word `` creation '' ( usually in reference to the Bible ) , are you not referring to the creation of the universe up to now , including the events of Noah 's Flood and the confusion at Babel ?	I am refering to the YEC position when I use the term `` creation '' .	neutral	sarc
Materiatists : say genes get passed down through the generations .	And since this is inarguable , empirical fact , we 're fairly safe in saying so	agree	notsarc
Government is there to apply limits to what is permitted , based on the will of the people .	I 've heard a lot of naive stuff before , but that 's a new one . I do n't think I 've ever heard anything more simpleminded in nature . With your own government dictating that you ca n't inflict injury on those that would hurt you , they 're not acting in your best interest . Nor are they when the police are tasked with making sure your windows and doors are locked up tight at night .	disagree	sarc
The only American administration to seize weapons was the Bush administration during the Katrina disaster on the Gulf Coast . Republicans are the only ones who invade your homes to seize your weaponry	Say that again ? Mayor Nagin was the one who gave the order for all weapons to be seized , Bush had absolutely nothing to do with it . President Bush even signed into federal law the bill that would prevent such an occurrence from ever happening again , by making it a crime for any government organization to seize firearms during a declared state of emergency . Try again , Simone .	neutral	notsarc
See the comments section on the blog entry I linked to , particuarly Stuart 's own comments ... `` Yes , you registered online , but the initial invitation was by invite only . You registered who was coming in your invited group , not just “first come , first serve.” There 's a lot of discussion there on that issue . But it really does n't matter -- a private screening of a film is a private screening -- they can boot anyone out that they want . I did n't say anything about anyone 'breaking the law . ' I 'm just showing you a different perspective of the events from a witness -- you know , giving you MORE information from which to draw conclusions . Or did you only WANT your information limited to one version of the story , mainly from the account of the one who got booted ? ? I think it was simply a private screening , and the people running the private screening did n't want them there . That 's their prerogative , as it was obviously a private screening and that 's the way it works . Again , read the comments on the blog I linked to as they include comments from people who were there , including more from Stuart and at least one by PZ Myers himself .	Hey , as Collin said , P.Z . registered , and got it . I would say that booting him out is the height of hypocrisy . It confirms to be that it is based on a lie , and the producer knows it . The movie was making a claim that the 'opposition ' was silencing I.D. , and the presentation of alternate ideas . Yet , what do they do ? They kicked someone out they INTERVIEWED for the movie ( based on false pretenses to be sure , but they did pay him for appearing in the movie ) . That sounds that THEY are the ones trying to suppress opposing ideas , not science . Yes , they had the legal right . But , boy did it put egg on their face , considering everything . It shows them to be hypocrites and liars .	neutral	notsarc
Not ALL of them ? ! ! ! Come on , Simone , it 's doctors like Tiller that slaughter thousands , not their typical adversary .	Thousands of fertilized eggs .	neutral	notsarc
You sure can . A mass murder of at least 13 children was committed with a knife . That has happened before even in Japan as well as other countries including here . No conclusion to be drawn . It happened , it is history and now a well known fact .	You do n't even take into consideration the possibility that Japan could have a higher mass murder rate- perhaps the same as the US- if guns were freely available in that country . You have a lot of explaining to do if you expect me to buy what you 're trying to peddle .	disagree	notsarc
I 'm really not so sure about Obama 's healthcare plan , when I read it it seems kind of wishy-washy ... # like what does `` Reform the insurance market to increase competition by taking on anticompetitive activity that drives up prices without improving quality of care . '' actually mean ? # In practice ? # I 'm more interested in the Health Care for America plan more , it & # 8217 ; s a proposal put together by the political scientist Jacob Hacker with the support of the Economic Policy Institute . I & # 8217 ; d suggest reading Thinking Big to get a better idea of the plan , but the basic idea is that employers pay money into a public fund , enough to cover their workers. # The public fund should have quality coverage for all , including preventive care. # Workers get to choose - keep your insurance , choose a different private plan , or join a public health insurance plan without a private insurer middleman , pick your healthcare providers and doctors. # Employers choose too . Those who prefer not to shoulder the burden of providing coverage as good as the law requires can decide to enroll their workers in the public plan at a modest cost. # HCFA and Medicare would function as a single nationwide insurance pool covering close to half the population . So basically either the public plan attracts most Americans , and our system gradually evolves into single-payer or because the floor prevents a race to the bottom , the public-private competition raises the bar on care and efficiency , improving quality and cutting costs , even in the private insurance plans. # The standards would be kept by a strong government watchdog. # What do you think ?	I think you are on to something . The problem I see is that any proponent of a plan such as this will have toi take on both the health insurance lobby and the pharma lobby and their bottomless well of $ $ $ and propaganda . Here 's hoping now that there 's a new sheriff in town .	agree	notsarc
How can something come out of nothing ? It seems that before that first thing that existed something had to exist before that .	Yes . We all ask this question of creationists who propose that the universe was created out of nothing - poof ! But science does n't try to answer that question . We do know that the universe began expanding about 13.7 billion years ago . What went before that and the cause for the expansion is n't known and at present , and may never be knowable . However , we do know that particles can and do spring into existence from nothing , for no apparent reason . Google `` Casimir effect '' and read about one example . Wikipedia will probably be the 3rd entry . This something from nothing is an effect from the zero-point energy of a vacuum .	disagree	notsarc
No , because 2+2= 4 if you agree with it or not . It’s a concept that is not dependent on man to agree with it .	That 's EXACTLY the point . Regardless of whether or not human minds think differently , whichever mind produced and agrees that 2+2=4 is absolutely correct , the rest are wrong . We know this because we can observe and test the concept in the physical world and prove that it is true . This goes for just about anything , dissention in the face of facts does not change the facts . IMHO , this invalidates your claim that something produced in the human mind is not absolute due to some human minds being contradictory .	neutral	notsarc
If I was to ask a religious person of a provable way that he found out about his belief he would have to say that he was told . If the person that told him was asked the same thing he would have to say the same answer . Now of course it can go back wards like that for ever , it has to go back to three “possible” beginnings : some one lied , some one was insane/delusional/ect , or there was divine intervention/ect .	Actually , the answer might depend more on the nature of the question , or the particular religious cult of the person being asked , etc . In questions of science , fundamentalists will tell you that the answer was revealed to them by their god in their holy scripture . On the other hand , you are characterizing religion as insanity . I think that you really mean that when religion is offered as science , then that is insane .	disagree	notsarc
A lab in Washington State was able to mineralize wood in matter of days , not the millions of years scientist claim it takes to occur . Not to mention a new onslaught of YEC 's saying , 'See , I told you so . '' I bet Kent Hovind is folding this information into a new presentation as we speak .	The link takes me to the USA Today site but gives a message `` The requested document was not found '' . Please post the article .	neutral	notsarc
For those that think the title is justified , what about the two beliefs do you find similar enough to class them as the same idea ?	Oh , let 's see . How about the fact that both ideas rely on some magical invisible being that brought everything about by some unspecified means . What is funny is that for public consumption ID claims that the identity of the designer is unknown ( wink , wink ) . However , as is stated in the Discovery Institute 's private Wedge document , one of the goals of ID creationism is : `` To replace materialistic explanations with the theistic understanding that nature and hurnan [ sic ] beings are created by God . '' That sounds like creationism to me .	neutral	sarc
how is disproving the best explanation scientists can come up with for the diversity of life without divine intervention not an argument for divine intervention ?	Because the correct alternative to the best naturalistic explanation scientists have come up with so far may well be an even better naturalistic explanation , not divine intervention .	disagree	notsarc
Actually , the title is a little deceptive , however I have noticed that one verse in his new song `` Runaway Love '' , one of the verses brings up something relevant on the abortion debate . Verse 3 goes of the song , I noticed goes : `` Little Erica is eleven years old She 's steady trying to figure why the world is so cold So she pops x to get rid of all the pain 'Cause she 's having sex with a boy who 's sixteen Emotions run deep and she thinks she 's in love So there 's no protection he 's using no glove Never thinking 'bout the consequences of her actions Living for today and not tomorrow 's satisfaction The days go by and her belly gets big The father bails out he ai n't ready for a kid Knowing her mama will blow it all outta proportion Plus she lives poor so no money for abortion Erica is stuck up in the world on her own Forced to think that hell is a place called home Nothing else to do but get her clothes and pack She say she 's about to run away and never come back . '' I know its not completely relevant to the abortion issue , but it is very relevant to the lives of little girls living in poverty and being abused . I would like to know what your opinion of the verse is .	Ludacris and many others in the hip hop scene disrespect women with their lyrics and videos . Much of what hip hop puts out contributes to unwanted pregnancies .	neutral	notsarc
Okay . Most botanist are evolutionist but facts are often confusing to evolutionist .	Perhaps what is confusing is inaccurate reference to peoples fields of expertise .	disagree	sarc
Materialists : believe that lifeforms are evolving upwards from something ugly ( bacteria , fungues , etc ) by way of a purely physical mechanism ( no thought or intelligence required )	You can forget the loaded language including false notions of progress . Lifeforms are evolving by way of purely physical and chemical mechanisms .	neutral	notsarc
I don & # 8217 ; t know why you are having such a hard time making sense of my quotes .	WHAT QUOTES ? ? ? That 's what I was asking you to repost because I ca n't find anything intelligent you have either posted or quoted at all !	disagree	sarc
Of course , by that logic , we ca n't prove that the laws of physics exist even though we observe them all the time . The same applies to the existance of other stars , the theory that bacteria and viruses cause disease , and , of course , the existance of a god . Not only that , but you ca n't be sure that you are even on 4forums debating ; you might be drugged or in a VR machine . no , my logic has nothing to do with the above paragraph .	Yes , but by that logic ( mine ) , that is true . Do n't attempt to accept my first statement without accepting my second . They use the same logic .	neutral	sarc
No , it does n't . Not the mistaken view you have given , anyway . If you look in the literature for signal transduction or transcription control , you see that your mistaken view of the Razor is completely discarded .	Because of that one omitted phrase ?	neutral	sarc
Anyone who wants to legalize bringing a weapon onto a plane is an XXXXX . Simply stated ... Always Stay Open Minded	You have conviced no one or even come remotely to forming an argument .	neutral	sarc
what do you have against abortions ? Assuming you can not simply get off by saying the Bible says this or religion says that , what else can you say ? The fact is that abortion does not affect you .	What do I have against abortion ? Hmmm , let me think . I guess there is that little fact that it is MURDER ! But besides that `` opinion '' , it does effect me because it effects society in a negative way . Do you just choose to ignore the studies on the terrible emotional and physical problems women have after they have abortions ? Look here to see what I mean . Do a search for `` effects of abortion '' on the Web and see if you do n't find many more studies with the same results . I could have posted many more links . Maybe you do n't know about these studies since the leftist media and women 's groups tends to ignore them . Maybe you just ignore them because they do n't fit into your world view . Either way , the facts are there .	disagree	sarc
In fact , it is in contrast to generally accepted biological rules ( life does NOT come from nonliving matter ) .	Well , it HAD to . How else did it get here ? Even in the genesis myth , life came from non-life .	neutral	sarc
or bs .	Yes .	neutral	notsarc
Sorry , but you ca n't have your cake and eat it too -- you ca n't separate issues regarding homosexuality from religion questions as far as many people are concerned . You do n't get to simplify a complex issue so easily . Homosexual issues ca n't be adequately discussed outside a context that includes religion .	Because that is your only excuse ? Sorry chum , you still do n't get seperation of church and state . If you want to debate religion , take it to the religion forum .	neutral	sarc
`` The gun lobby , however , didn’t count on an uprising among African-Americans in Congress who favor gun control .	Oh really ? And who are these people ? Point them out to us .	neutral	sarc
All those things would just ask for trouble just as putting up the no guns sign could . There is no benefit to them . I do n't know how this seems logical to you that people should be willing to put up these signs if they do n't have a gun . I 'm sure you would n't put up a sign saying you were not home or put up a sign detailing your computer 's IP address and its security system or lack thereof . It takes about one ounce of intelligence to realize that it would be stupid to do this . However , you can have no gun in the house and use the same signs that Kelvin mentioned . This is no different than a person putting up a sign showing what security system is protecting there home even if they do n't have a security system . It is the poor mans security system . So since we are on the topic of using signs to encourage or discourage violence , would n't you agree you can play on criminal 's fear of guns without actually owning a gun ? I would say that you can .	You just proved the DETERANCE of a gun on crime , The deterance of SOME people Carriing concealed ... Just like your poor mans sign . Do you get it ? Yes we agree on the last point but that is done by the people who choose to carry that makes criminals think twice about attacking you ... He does not know if you are armed or not . BTW hows your brother ? You gettin that all fixed ? I only ask as this is a most serious subject you brought up and I am truly concerned for you and your families well being .	neutral	sarc
We explained to you ( more than once ) that federal law ( which says otherwise ) always trumps local law .	but there is no federal law that says children cant tote around guns their parents own how many times do I have to explain it you	disagree	sarc
Good , then you go back to the first point , which is that you can not rationally claim to have knowledge of the unknowable . So yes , you 're back to either being rational and not accepting god , or being irrational and accepting knowledge of the unknowable . I do n't make the rules Jim .	Not having knowledge of an unknown says nothing about it 's existence . I am thankful ( to God ) that neither you nor I make the rules . ... God be with you .	disagree	sarc
They would open up to sicknesses far more easily when wounded , hardly the sort of thing a species wants .	Again , modern birds seem to do fine as do gliding mammals such as flying squirrels .	disagree	notsarc
I think you , The Barbarian , and Close_slave_can are basically asking the same question . The problem is , you are all trying to look at these predictions through the lense of the evolutionary paradigm .	Well , the question I am asking is for you to provide a valid scientific prediction based on creationism .	neutral	notsarc
Let 's get real here . The man puts out fires and rescues people . Do you really think he 's going to stop and ask people before he carries them out of a burning building `` wait . . . are you gay ? Because if you are I 'm sorry someone else will have to do this . '' This idea that someone 's political and/or ideological view on a public referendum issue should have any bearing on whether he should be allowed to do other things is scary , if you ask me . It 's stepping into the realm of thought-police fascism .	No . It steps firmly in the realm of REALITY Jyoshu . Have you never heard people talk about how police in an area respond in X amount of time for one situation , but for a different situation , like in a neighborhood predominantly black or gay or ___ , the response time is four times as long ? Have you never heard of how there have been cases where people have died because they tried to get medical help at the `` white '' hospital ? Or how about you read about THIS case and tell me that these concerns are n't real ...	disagree	notsarc
The reason his sentiments confirm the worst fears of creationists is n't because Lewontin alone has those sentiments , it 's because creationists can clearly see those sentiments in the NY Times editorial board , CNN , ABC , Dan Rather , Handgun Control , The Sierra Club - the list is almost endless .	So everyone thinks that `` evolutionists '' should seize power or something ? If that is true , it is because evolution is very widely accepted .	disagree	notsarc
This would also explain why gradualism is not found in the fossil record .	Uh , how ?	disagree	sarc
The greatest scientist in history said about the order of the universe : The Author of the system must have found it convenient .	That 's your answer is it : you believe your god just bodged together life in a convenient fashion rather than doing a proper job ? What a lazy-arsed god you believe in .	disagree	sarc
What makes you think doctors are paid badly in a national healthcare system ? GP salaries in the UK average GBP100 000 , that 's US $ 200 000 , around 4 times the median income in this country . Medical training is hugely competitive , requiring higher grades than anything except Veterinary Science . Transplant surgery here is limited by a shortage of donors , not doctors or funding .	I do n't think I said they 'd be paid badly . ... and you say `` this country '' as if you 're here in the USA . Are you in the UK or not ? I noticed you did not provide a link to your claim of doctors pay in the UK ... .so I looked it up . It is hard to conceive of an average being higher than any one of the samples and the highest paid in the UK appear to be 20 year veterans making GBP79,500 ... .. updated 4/1/2008 ( That 's today and I doubt it 's an April Fool joke . ) http : //www.payscale.com/research/Uk/ ... Doctors/Salary Do you have another source that justifies your exageration ? I do notice in the third bar chart down the page that UK Physicians IN PRIVATE PRACTICE make GBP100,000 . It appears that the Government Doctors make a lot less ( GBP42,500 for state and local ... GBP54,000 for federal . ) Where is your back-up ?	disagree	sarc
He may have been referring to the hundreds of thousands of kids who ca n't get adopted because they 're not healthy , white infants . The kids stuck in the adoption system or in poor foster care .	So we kill the baby instead ? Interesting idea . How about instead we reform the fostor and adoption care system . No , people ar n't looking for healthy , white infants , they are looking for infants . This automatically reduces 90 % of adoption cases . The so called `` Healthy white infants '' make up 70 % of all adoption cases , seeing that 30 % of abortion are done by blacks , and latinos and most minorities do n't have abortions , but instead keep their children .	disagree	sarc
What I want to know is if all these folks who feel it is their right to vote on marriage for gays would mind if the gays were allowed to vote on their marriages ?	Well , they are in the minority no matter what .	neutral	sarc
Not to rain on anyone 's parade : `` The liberal hysteria about the tea parties and town hall protests , kicked off by the Obama administration & # 8217 ; s issuance of a Homeland Security bulletin warning of right wing terrorists and extremists , has led to a lot of hyperbole on the left about how , well , extreme and terrorist-like the right is becoming . And to be sure , there are some nuts who are politically active on the right who should probably be locked up for their own good . But there are plenty of nuts like that on the left as well .	I know one thing , anything that happens , politically motivated people will demonize us , anyway ! Like this . FBI Arrests Three Men in Terror Plot that Targeted New York	neutral	sarc
What 's your definition of pure ? Has it ? This says different : http : //skepdic.com/homeo.html I do know of recent studies that show that minute amounts of toxic substances are beneficial and therapeutic . I do n't know if one can consider this homeopathic medicine though . I guess I do n't know what 's being called homeopathic medicine these days . If someone comes up with something that works can they just call it homeopathic medicine and say that homeopathic medicine works ?	Because of your question `` What is your definition of pure '' , I now know how to make soap . I 'll never stink again ! ! ! And I think homeopathic medicine is all about using things like vitamin c to prevent colds , and making sure you ingest lots of calcium if you are worried about ostioperosis . Ya know stuff that makes sense .	disagree	sarc
Like I said , Catholic school . Or it could be that you 're like 80 years old or something , because nowadays , if you talk about God or the Bible , then you do n't get in trouble , you get criticized and made-fun-of , not only by your peers , but also by teachers .	btw , i 'm 17 ... well , 18 ... ( almost yay ! ) bullsh*t. you do get critized for tlaking about god ... any other god other than the christian god that is .	neutral	notsarc
And it IS based on the ability to pay ... you just want me to pay for someone else 's and in the most inefficient way possible .	Well , at least you have that right . The cheapest and most efficient way of delivering health care is through single payer financed by taxes . Every single study ever done demonstrates that the most efficiently run health care system is Medicare . It functions with a 2 % overhead . As I hope you know , insurance is based on the principal of risk-spreading , and the larger the pool the more the risk is spread . Even now , if you are healthy and privately `` insured '' you are paying for others ' health care . You pay premiums and the benefits go to those who are in need of benefits . The only difference is that you support all the clones and drones in the health care `` industry '' who come between the physician and the delivery of services . Like so many on the so-called libertarian right , you have made a fetish of the market . Keep on drinking the Kool-Aid that Alyssa Rosenblum dispenses in trash like The Fountainhead	neutral	sarc
The bottom line : Evolution can not be disproved as it has already been proven . Creation can not be disproved except in regard to errant conclusions related to the timing of events . Evolution is the method that God used to create all things .	Yes and no . Metaphorical creationism ca n't be disproved period as there are no hard facts to disprove . Literal creationism can be disproven on a number of factors , from the timeline , to events such as the flood .	neutral	notsarc
Even Amazon.com : http : //www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/s ... 7167429-5007155	Dead link	neutral	notsarc
Psalm 92 1 Dominus regnavit gloria indutus est indutus est Dominus fortitudine et accinctus est insuper adpendit orbem qui non commovebitur	So it seems that it may not be a fact that the sun is the center of the solar system . If the Bible is true , then a geocentric universe must be true .	neutral	notsarc
And as for your threat to make my arguments look silly , I 'm not shaking in my boots . I 've made your arguments look presumptuous , pretentious and silly , but you have never yet succeeded in doing that to any of mine .	Well , we can agree to disagree on that one . I wo n't bother putting it to a vote	disagree	notsarc
... and it would be safe to assume God does n't have reproductive organs ... .because he is a Holy God ...	Are you implying that an entity with reproductive organs can not be holy ? Are you implying that reproduction in itself is not a holy process ?	neutral	sarc
On this 35th anniversary of the Roe v. Wade decision , I would like to share my views on the issue of abortion . Life begins at the point of conception . No one can deny that after a human being is conceived it will develop into the very same being as those debating this issue . What astounds me is that those who favor abortion went through an identical development stage as the being they are condemning to death . Would these very same people agree that a similiar choice should have been made about their own existence ? Abortion today is used primarily as a birth control of convenience because people are too self-centered to take precautions . They prefer their own pleasurable self-indulgence over the care and sanctity of the life they created . What ever happened to taking responsibility for one 's actions in this country ? Is it too much to ask a woman who has conceived to place the child into adoption ? Nine months of discomfort is nothing compared to life in prison for voluntary manslaughter ! Does the father of the child have a say in this ? And what about the constitution of the United States ? Are not all people conceived in this country deserving of life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness ? I believe abortion is a crime against humanity and should be outlawed . We need to overturn the Roe v. Wade decision and get back to cherishing life in this country . For a country that murders it 's children can not be far from self destruction .	Hi Joe , welcome to the forum . I must warn you though that you have argued so perfectly and similarly all of the points I just argued on another thread about abortion , that some people around here might just accuse you of being me with a new handle . No problem though , I hope you have better luck than I did .	agree	notsarc
Total Background checks = 111,582,241 Checks for multiple guns = 1,621,282	Total of denials = 761,814 Violent Crime and Murder rate decreased . Crime in the United States -- by Volume and Rate per 100,000 Inhabitants , 1989 & # 8211 ; 2008	neutral	notsarc
Communism meaning the government russia had from the 1940s to 1990 . Democratic- republic : the government the US has today .	Well , in that case I would go for the US government any day . Soviet russia was so far removed from the communist ideals of equality as contemporary Russia . Power , wealth and influence was concentrated in a precious elite ... In fact , it`s probably the same elite that rules Russia today . I can`t think of any Soviet benefits over US-style democracy , apart from the societ educational system ( but that`s not even entirely a political issue ) .	neutral	notsarc
Thats a very compact piece of logic . I imagine that you are a very efficient individual .	Um ... , Thank you ? Im assuming thats not sarcasm , right ?	neutral	notsarc
When did I say anything about DNA ?	It is DNA which makes one a human , it is the mind which makes one a human being , a person .	neutral	notsarc
Yes , I am sure you can also keep morphine with more responsibility and greater safety than a hospital . So do only those as responsible as you have the right to keep weapons ? And how do they prove they have the responsibility of a Kelvinator ?	Read the post , IF I can do A , then I am allowed to do B. I can not keep morphine responsibily , then I can not own morphine . I can keep assault rifles responsibily , then I am allowed to own assault rifles . That is a hallmark of our law system , personal responsibility . I do things that I can carry out with saftey and responsibility . I can not carry out heart surgery with saftey and responsibility , I am not allowed to perform heart surgery . But ... I can keep assault weapons with saftey and responsibility . I train more than often than 90 % of soliders with my rifle . I am at the rifle range every weekend . I a better marksman than most soliders , only special forces put more rounds down range than I do . I keep my weapons in a steel safe that only explosives will open and you will need a forklift to carry away . The army just keeps them in a building and sometimes in a wooden box . I believe I use more care and responsibility than the army to keep my weapons safe .	neutral	notsarc
a . “An application of the present results to the [ Milky Way ] Galaxy yields one supernova per 26 ( ± 10 estimated error ) years in very good agreement with the evidence from historical supernovae.” G. A. Tammann , “On the Frequency of Supernovae as a Function of the Integral Properties of Intermediate and Late Type Spiral Galaxies , ” Astronomy and Astrophysics , Vol . 8 , October 1970 , p. 458 .	Actually , this data point is perfectly meaningless . NONE of the other information ( or the conclusions ) presented in this talk require `` 26 '' . If we made it 260 , does it change ANY of the other conclusions ? No . A failure to recognize non-sequitur data tidbits is usually indicative of an argument that includes other errors .	disagree	notsarc
Have you read the Old Testament ? In Numbers , God says do n't count any male child under one month old as a person . They also did n't count girls at all . He also had them burn Tamora while she was pregnant .	No , God did n't say this BUT thanks for responding to a post that is over 5 years old .	disagree	sarc
Strike 2 .	He 's almost out , folks !	neutral	sarc
Look at S Africa , where illegal posession of a firearm can net you the death penalty . Besides the highest murder rate in the western world , and the fact that they drive around with flamethrowers on their cars because carjackings and violent thefts are so common , it is virtually a pacifist utopia .	You started off with criticizing gun banning , but now you seem to be criticizing tough punishments for criminals . A May 2006 article in the Cape Times said that `` National law currently provides for a sentence of 25 years for illegal firearm possession . '' http : //www.capetimes.co.za/index.php ... icleId=3230121 So if the death penalty is the punishment for illegal gun possession then I suppose the law must have changed recently . I wonder if the people who claim that we do n't need more gun laws but just tougher punishments for people who break current gun laws would support such a penalty .	disagree	sarc
First off , the comet impact which killed off the dinosaurs was millions of years before the ice age that humans lived through . There was nothing vaugely human around at the time . Secondly , there 's a growing body of evidence to indicate that dinosaurs may have been warm blooded as well . It was n't the cold per se that killed off everything , it was the fact that plants died off , disrupting the food chain . Anything that required alot of food , and anything human sized would have been included , was in trouble . As for the original question , it seems that even creationist have given up on persuing this line of inquiry . If creationists think something is too far fetched to consider , then you know it 's really out there .	well i know that they never coexisted but the fallout lasted a long time and i think humans could survive because we can eat such a lage varity of food humans seem to be able to live almost everware	neutral	notsarc
It says had formed because the narrative is in the past tense . However , the preceding line says `` I will '' implying he had not made them as of that point .	What he was saying is that he needed to make a helper for man . Not that he needed to make animals and then search through them for a helper . He already had made them . He looked for a helper but could not find one . ( This stuff would be so much easier to explain in person . )	neutral	notsarc
Otherwise you would not so vehemently and tenaciously defend that metaphysic against any suggerstionthatits take on reality , its ontology/cosmoly , is incorrect -- even when , as in the case of EAM , that suggestion comes from a metaphysical quarter that has no ideological connection to any religious mythology , and in fact is also antithetical to those myths .	That is merely your interpretation of my actions here , and does not reflect my personal motivations . You do n't like it that I disagree with you , and from the options available to explain that disagreement you alternately choose 'Peeling is stupid/simple minded ' and 'Peeling is driven by an emotional , philosophical imperative ' - the former because it 's always a handy and ego-inflating explanation for disagreement and you do n't have any respect for other people 's intellect anyway , and the latter because it 's understandable and familiar to you . I disagree with you because the logic you have used to prop up your assertion that your philosophy mirrors reality is clearly faulty . The evidence you provide to support your case actively harms it . It 's not that you 're certainly wrong , just that you do n't have to be right for the evidence we see to add up . I do n't think you 're stupid by any means ; the skill with which you have manipulated our discussions has been considerable . I do think you are ignorant of much that would beneficially inform your hypotheses , that you cherry-pick just that evidence which seems to support your preconceptions rather than critically applying your hypothesis to all the available evidence , and I do think that your intellect is being leveraged in pursuit of the wrong goal , namely the creation of a fortress of semantics , idiosyncratic terminology and untestable assertions from within which you can hurl abuse at others . You may disagree with my assessment - fine . I am at least doing you the courtesy of believing you when you say you formulate EAM with the express intention of promoting your personal philosophical views about life .	disagree	notsarc
You say , `` The universe and earth are very old . We know this as a fact . '' What is meant by `` old '' ?	I can not remember the latest figures , but the Earth is around 4.5 billion years old and the universe is around 13 billion years old I think .	neutral	notsarc
Studies of the origin of the first life form , of the origin of the earth , and the origin of the universe itself do not form part of the theory of evolution . Such studies are pursued within different scientific disciplines .	http : //www.religioustolerance.org/ev_state.htm ( there is a lot at the above site that I do n't agree with - I use it because I feel that the best place to get an undisputed description OF the opposition is FROM the opposition ) Studies of the origin of the first life form , the origin of the earth , and the origin of the universe DO form a large part of intelligent design . Of the several `` different scientific diciplines '' refered to above , they all have one thing in common since there is only one basic alternative to intelligent design , and that 's undirected , random , happenstance processes . For purposes of this debate , can we come up with one general two word phrase for the `` different scientific diciplines '' - a phrase perfectly comparable to intelligent design , which `` theory of evolution '' is clearly not ? How about `` happenstance origins '' ? Since you declare that intelligent design is not science , you have to have a criteria for science that intelligent design does n't fit . Does `` happenstance origins '' fit the same criteria ? If there is no way to test or falsify intelligent design , there is no way to test or falsify happenstance origins . If intelligent design is n't repeatable , happenstance origins are n't repeatable . Other scientists ca n't apply a scientific method to happenstance origins to get the same kind of results as the original scientist , and on and on . Evolutionists imply that with time , they may be able to scientifically get to the bottom of happenstance origins . That 's no more ( or less ) plausible than intelligent design advocates claim to be able to scientifically get to the bottom of intelligent design . If you demand to know how we can prove intelligent design is false or true before we consider it as science , why ca n't the same be asked of you before you consider the progressive steps of happenstance origins to be science ? I 've never been to college , but here are some comments from someone who has , on the definition of science ; Stephen Grocott	neutral	sarc
Very interesting , and I agree with you . However , one thing to consider while debating pro-lifers is that they generally do not care about women 's rights .	It 's not that we pro life people do n't care about womens rights it 's that we care about the babies rights too . They wo n't do abortion after the 3rd month right ? Well the baby is living , it has a heartbeat , it has nerves , eyes , and all that . I think it is sickening when people say that the baby or fetus whatever you want to call it does n't feel anything . Everyone always says `` what if they get raped ? Would you have the baby ? '' Well for one only 1 % of abortions are done because of rape . Secondly if you are raped you can go to the hospital and tell them what happened and they will do an emergency IUD . Why does the women get to choose who can come into the world ? They are going to kill it and they do n't care . You never knew what the baby could have been . They could have been the one to find the cure to cancer , aids , or another uncurable disease . Your not giving the baby a chance and that is wrong and not fair . Thats my opinion .	neutral	notsarc
note : religion should not influence your decision in law making . only in personal moral decisions .	Religion influences all laws . Without that influence , there would be no laws . Note : humanism is also a religion !	neutral	notsarc
I saw Bowling for Columbine . It was excellent . It showed how many Americans have this idea that problems are solved with violence . That 's the way that problems are often dealt with domestically and overseas . That 's why America drops so many bombs on people in foreign nations and kills them . They interviewed some Canadians in the film and the Canadians says that they like to negotiate and work things out . That 's the way they solve problems- not through violence and killing people . I think this is very relevant to the gun culture in America . Those in the gun culture tend to have the attitude that problems can be solved with violence- thus the necessity of owning an instrument of death and destruction . I remember that Michael Moore went into the house of one gun owner and the gun owner showed him the loaded gun that he slept with under his pillow . I think that 's dangerous and totally stupid to sleep with a gun under your pillow . The film also examined famous people from the gun culture like Terry Nichols and Timothy McVeigh . Moore also accomplished some good things . He went to K-mart with some victims of Columbine and convinced K-mart to stop selling handgun ammunition .	And you do not have an agenda ... oh and we should be more like the Canadiens ? Why does n't Canada fund a militrary ? And what do they do with that 80 % tax rate ... obnoxious ... ...	disagree	sarc
..a piece of genetic material taken from your own body and inserted into a sterile egg to create a batch of undifferentiated cells to reinsert into your body to save your life ?	The stem cells that are used for such potentially life-saving procedures are at such an extremely early stage of development that there is no biological possibility that the beginnings of a mind exist . There is absolutely no feeling , no emotion , no thought , no sense of pain . The batch of cells is still an object . They are the very beginnings of the body where the beginnings of the mind ( or , for that matter , a soul , if one is of the opinion that a soul must include some sense of mind ) are very far off . However , unless I am mistaken in the biology of this particular batch of cells , they could potentially develop into an actual person ( where , for me , person means not only body but some sense of mind or soul as well ) . This sense of potential personhood should not be taken lightly . This would not be a case of a woman 's right over her own body . This would be the case of deliberately generating living human cells ( note : this is not equal to a living person ) for medical reasons benefiting a living person . In the balance of having some respect for the idea that these cells could potentially become a person ( again , still far off from being actual people - i.e . starting to have a mind ) , I would only condone using such stem cells if it is a case of saving the life of an existing person - be it myself or anyone else . I would not , for example , condone use of stem cells to help alleviate a medical condition which is not life threatening .	neutral	sarc
tortured ? you shut ur mouth.. , ... if ur not achristian then yes , i will pray for you ... .	Let 's try to use a little kindness and common sense and not tell people on a public forum to `` shut ur mouth '' . Read the forum rules , they might help your focus . -Mach	neutral	notsarc
To obey the law is to break the law . This is what happens when governments run amok . First the guns , now swords , what next cars , shoes , toasters ? After all these australian subjects do not need these weapons ! !	Your argument , I believe . The one I said does n't hold water . It appears to claim that the placing of restrictions upon items specifically designed for the killing of other human beings is somehow comparable to and a prelude for the banning of everyday items whose intended use is in no way connected to harm of others . Your title then equates this with a step towards a form of government in which one person is afforded executive , legislative and judiciary power over the country they control .	neutral	sarc
Offspring vary among themselves , and are not carbon copies of an immutable type . Stop the Press ! Evolutionists often just glide over this very important point . Indeed , each creature in a population is not a carbon copy of the next ... .HOWEVER ... the notion that these differences can spell the difference between who breeds and who does n't is in huge error . Humans , for instance vary widely in appearance ... but does that mean that some of us will be genetically less likely to breed ? That makes no sense .	Not `` genetically '' ; `` statistically '' is more accurate . Yes , even some people are statistically less likely to breed . There are currently many solutions to problems which would usually be disabling to people , but selection is evident in countries without those solutions .	neutral	sarc
Funny , did n't hear them complaining about the Iraqis dying in the street .	I 'm sure there certainly ARE pro-lifers out there who are against the Iraqi war . Anti-war people come from all walks of life .	neutral	sarc
Teach the kids what is conjecture and what is not .	We do . We do n't even teach the conjecture . And we do n't teach superstition . That 's why creationism is n't taught .	agree	sarc
Try to follow me for once . Mega showed high crime rates .	No , Mega posted a long editorial from the guardian which was written after the police arrested the owner of a conversion factory . It 's interesting that they claim the gun crimes stats have gone up , when all the sources I 've seen show that violent gun crime has gone down . That 's the guardian for you . It does n't show that we have high crime rates whichever stats you accept .	neutral	sarc
A women by the name of Mary Anne Warren said this The fact that restricting access to abortion has tragic side effects does not , in itself , show that the restrictions are unjustified , since murder is wrong regardless of the consequences of prohibiting it ; and the appeal to the right to control one 's body , which is generally construed as a property right , is at best a rather feeble arguement for the permissibility of abortion . Mere ownership does not give me the right to kill innocent people whom I find on my property , and indeed I am apt to be held responsible if such people injure themselves while on my property . It is equally unclear that I have any moral right to expel an innocent person from my property when I know that doing so will result in his death . What are you thoughts ? Is this just some pro-life nut that does n't know what she is talking about ?	The sentence that I have underlined above is a falsity in Warren 's argument . There is a distinction between using property to kill someone , and failing to use property to sustain someone . For example : 1 ) Joe shoots Bob with a shotgun . That is murder . 2 ) Bob is hungry , and Joe does n't give him any food , so Bob starves to death . That is not murder - it is death by natural causes . Why is 2 ) not murder ? Because hunger killed Bob , and nobody owns hunger . I think we can apply the same standards to abortions .	neutral	sarc
What are you talking about ... . This is the law : A well regulated Militia , being necessary to the security of a free State , the right of the people to keep and bear Arms , shall not be infringed . How is this Anarchy ? BTW the article is being sarcastic if you did n't get it , It demonstrates the hypocracy of the lunatic fringe lefties out there ... Did Rosie bring her armed guards to san fran to get hitched ?	There is quite a bit of debate what the militia can be interpreted as , and individuals ignoring the laws as they see fit is anarchy ( checked out the Free State project , you are a beleiver in Arnacho-captalism or so it seems which is a form of anarchy ) , nothing nessesarily wrong with it though . Understood the point it was making , just the logic is flawed . The fact the city had to disobey state laws is a good example of the lunatic right , though this is n't really the issue here .	neutral	sarc
Evolution is supposed to be science , and is said to not address religion .	And the scientific papers do n't . The problem here is that creationists do n't read the scientific papers . In fact , most ca n't even understand them .	agree	sarc
no , just overturn roe vs wade .	And then you can go pat yourself on the back and pretend it 's all better . I hope your personal comfort level will be worth the havoc that will be brought upon the lives of women .	disagree	sarc
Where 's the barf smiley when you need it ? What guntotin ' god lets stuff like this happen ?	H.CHRIST on a skateboard Comrade , why do n't you just take it for what its worth ?	neutral	sarc
OK , are YOU willing to settle for legal recognition of your relationship with your spouse under federal and state laws as a `` civil union '' only ? You would still maintain the right to consider yourselves as `` married '' under whatever religious denomination you choose .	But my relationship is between a man and woman . You would be asking marriage to be redefined to do that . Remember , part of what defines marriage is that it is between a man and woman .	neutral	notsarc
Darwinism , which from Darwin 's day down to our own has been used to justify radical changes in moral norms in areas such as eugenics , abortion , and -- in the case of Nazi Germany -- even racial extermination .	If I argue that all babies should be killed , and you do n't think all babies should be killed , does that mean that all babies are n't really babies ? No , it means that you think my reasoning is unjustified . Think about that for a second , then re-read the claim .	disagree	notsarc
Easily understood when man created his own god .	Indeed true . God created man in his own likeness and man returned the favor . Man created a vindictive , vengeful , and vicious god , according to the Bible . So where does a loving god come from ?	agree	sarc
I swear . Your dishonesty never seems to diminish , and never seems to grow any brains to actually be deceptive . Rather , it 's boringly blatant that what you claim is false ... From the article : `` A majority of registered Californian voters ... '' `` ... a growing number of Californians ... '' `` The poll of 1,052 registered Californian voters ... '' The ARTICLE originates in San Fran . The POLL discussed in the article was made across a base of CALIFORNIA voters , most of whom do n't live in San Fran .	So 1052 voters is a majority of california voters ? And I know what the article say 's , but no where did it actually say it was from a diverse sampling from across the State so forgive my suspicions , but I just do n't trust the gay lobby to be honest or ethical about anything they do .	disagree	notsarc
The Gun Control Act of 1968 , which initiated the background check requirement , was written by liberal politicians ; the main people who support gun control laws . It was these same gun control nuts that chose to intentionally not require private transfers to involve background checks . You missed the opportunity back in 1968 , you have no room to gripe about it now . Shut up .	But But But , he was just 6 years old then and the really smart people did n't get all their wisdom written into that sham of a bill which is said to be law but is fast starting to have to face the Constitutional challenges .	neutral	sarc
And on the `` taking to task '' issue , did you ever see the `` gay forum '' that was held for the presidential candidates ? Months ago when there were handfuls on both sides . The televised forum that ALL the Republicans refused to show up for . They WERE quizzed on gay marriage , and asked to justify their positions . It 's old ground .	So Biden was against gay marriage there too ?	neutral	sarc
As I understand , the Second Amendment was written as a protection against political tyranny . The Founding Fathers knew that the King of England had used a standing army to oppress the people in the past . The solution was a well regulated militia and to not limit arms ownership to those in the military . However , because of big advances in military technology it 's difficult to see how the kinds of arms typically owned by modern American gun owners would be very effective against the type of arms used by those in the armed forces . What use would a handgun be against a tank or F-16 Fighter plane ? I think a lot of people are uncomfortable dealing with this issue so they choose to focus a lot on personal self defense against criminals instead of what the Second Amendment is mainly or solely about . We saw this in the recent Supreme Court decision . They chose to focus a lot on the role handguns could play in defending house and home against criminals , but seemed to have no problem with a ban on machine guns- the kind of guns that would logically seem to be most protected by the Second Amendment because of their usefulness in military conflicts which would make them a better deterrent against tyranny than other types of firearms . Thus , the Supreme Court chose to `` strain at a gnat and swallow a camel '' to use a Biblical idiom in their treatment of the Second Amendment .	First , you would n't use a handgun against an F-16 fighter plane . It 's stupid and useless , but there are a lot of ingenious people out there that can probably prop up something to shoot one down , that 's for sure . The second amendment is about self defense regardless of how big or small the threat is . I would think you would appreciate the ban on machine guns , since they are acknowledging that there is line to draw when it comes to it ( like you ca n't own a fighter jet with military armament and just like the 1st Amendment you ca n't yell fire in a crowd . ) Is n't this what most `` living document '' people say ? Oh , I get it now ? It 's not about that is it ? The fact of the matter is , you are dissatisfied that the line was n't drawn to limit even more of it , i.e . a complete ban on firearms , only the national guard or armed forces should have them . Sorry , but if you were to do that , it would open up another can of worms in which would mean that all other confirmed rights could be limited even more . The SCOTUS did the right thing in this instance because they acknowledged there is a line to be drawn , but not the one that prohibits all law abiding citizens from owning firearm .	neutral	notsarc
The problem with ID is that there is no evidence , and it is simply not possible to falsify it . If we were able to prove that our dating procedures were false and that really we stood on 2 legs back when the Earth was created and that the fossil record is not really as we thought it was , evolution would be falsified . Intelligent design can simply not be falsified because there is no supporting evidence for it . That is the line between religion and science .	The problem with happenstance origins is that there is no evidence , and it 's simply not possible to falsify it . If we were able to prove so many scientific proceedures ( from abiogenesis to radiometric dating - all based on the presupposition that there is no God ) were indisputably true , then ID would be falsified . There is not enough supporting evidence for happenstance origins . Yet so much of happenstance origins is considered science , so all too often , there is no line between religion and science .	neutral	notsarc
i think slave holder 's asked a similar question to people who believed slavery was wrong . `` what are they worth anyways ? ? why do they deserve to be treated like us ? '' hmm	If freeing slaves meant that the former slaves could live of other 's organs without their desire or consent , putting their health and possibly life at risk ... while at the same time having no perception of self , no brain , no mind , no consciousness ... I would side with the slaveowners . Once another’s right to live becomes greater than my right to my own body , I become the slave .	neutral	notsarc
Intelligent Design -- it 's not what you think	It may not be what I think ( after all , so-called `` intelligent '' designs really are n't very intelligent ) , but it 's exactly what I think it is : total garbage based upon religion shrouded in wannabe science .	neutral	sarc
`` ... However , Collins takes pains to acknowledge that much of human nature likely has little to do with genes and is more a question of culture and environment influencing growth and behavior . Now why would it `` PAIN '' Collins to acknowledge that much of human evolution has had little to do with genes and and more to do with culture and environment ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?	Ca n't you read ?	neutral	sarc
Hmmm , without Jesus there might n't have been the various Inquisitions , the invasions of the New World for purposes of exploitation of the New World 's resources and peoples , the witch burnings , the stupid religious wars amongst the various Christian sects , very likely the Holocaust would not have happned , the two World Wars waged by Christian nations -- except for the notable exception of Japan . Hmm , a peaceful world , largely , without the desolation of war . What an interesting proposition . Alas , it seems that Jesus did not come into the world to bring peace .	Just think , without Christianity and its preservation of science during the Dark Ages , we lost out on the opportunity to reinvent the wheel . That has got to go down as one of the dumbest things that I 've ever read on this forum .	disagree	sarc
I am not saying that I agree with women being allowed to kill there unborn child but the only person that has say in a pregnant woman killing her unborn son or daughter is that woman and the man involved .	The man has no say so whatsoever .	disagree	notsarc
There is of course a more insidious uses of science . In the early 1970s a group of radical feminists went so far as you science to suggest that it was physically impossible for a woman to achieve sexual orgasm whilst having penetrative sex . Even if the woman experienced an orgasm , she was said to be deceiving her self ... . `` That even in a woman ? s sexuality , there is deceit on the part of men , and complacency on the part of some women '' in Koedt , A . `` The Myth of Vaginal Orgasm . '' in Koedt , A . & amp ; Levine , E. & amp ; Rapone , A. , ( eds . ) . ( 1973 ) . `` Radical Feminism '' . Quadrangle Books , New York , p204**	I see . So you must be a female to know for a fact that this is false . Actually I 'm not interested in that kind of science and I do n't care . I have n't seen the papers but I suspect the book was written for mercenary reasons . What does that have to do with cosmology , physics , astrophysics , geology , molecular biology , genetics and on and on ? Someone mentioned that you seem to mistrust science and it seems that you do .	disagree	notsarc
Oh ! You mean how it 's a tail during the earlier stages of fetal develop -- Ah , now I see . That was supposed to be the trick . Sorry Electrolyte , but that was not a funny joke .	You know , I 'm all for punny jokes ( even moreso than most people ) , but that 's not what I meant . I seriously want a designist explanation for the development , as opposed to the Hovindian `` it is an anchor point for muscles '' explanation of its existence . ( Although , it 's not as if we do n't have any examples that do n't have that `` problem . '' )	disagree	sarc
For I was an hungred , and ye gave me meat : I was thirsty , and ye gave me drink : I was a stranger , and ye took me in : Naked , and ye clothed me : I was sick , and ye visited me : I was in prison , and ye came unto me .	Interesting that Jesus does not say , `` This do , only after you have determined whether or not I am an illegal , or whether or not the reason why I am homeless is a reason that satisfied you . I am sorry that someone near to you was attacked . I do not believe that the attack occurred simply because the attacker was illegal . As a matter of fact , all such attacks are illegal , unlawful , whether perpetrated by an `` illegal '' or anyone else . I hope that the attacker was brought to justice and punished .	neutral	sarc
The fact you always ignore is your not just doing it to your body ... ..	This is a separate issue , Voice of Reason . Some did n't understand how pro-choice people can say they personally would n't do something and/or think something is wrong but still support other 's right to do it , and that 's what I was answering .	neutral	notsarc
You liked to David Icke - the guy who beleives that Giant Lizards are secretly running the world today ... you need to take this with a pinch of salt . Anyway , I honestly do n't really see a problem with salvaging things from the dead that are going to benefit the rest of mankind . It sounds icky , and is to a degree but seems better than feeding them to maggots or just burning them . Fair enough if you want have it as an option like Organ Donors but seems the same thing really to me , especially as there are babies that die because they need immediate organ or tissue donors after being born . Its the allegations of babies being killed to fund this I doubt , seems to be an attempt to sensationalise a piece of news . I stand by the original point that there is n't really a medical use for fetus skin as was claimed , some of the organs might be of more use but thats about it .	It may only be salvaging to you but to the parents involved it is body theft . Let me just ask you to step in our shoes for just 10 minutes imagine trawling around 100 's of hospital labs and medical schools seeing all these poor little babies lined up in jars and i do n't mean just a few there is up to 50 in each hospital and school imagine looking at those jars hoping that one of them is your child so you can at lastgive him the burial he/she deserves ( a basic human right ) yet at the same time praying that none of them are yours . Having done that can you still say that it is only salvage bearing in mind our children were only sent for post mortem and many of us have not seen them since ?	neutral	notsarc
I saw a picture of the Pope blessing the register . Now I 'm pretty sure that the Pope is smart guy .	And ?	neutral	notsarc
If you are going to invoke Ockham then you need to say what he actually said , not a mistake .	And if I were to invoke the principle that is often called `` Occam 's Razor '' nowadays ? Does it need to be the same as `` Ockham ? ''	neutral	sarc
The zygote is the cell formed when the sperm fertilises the egg . The zygote has no brain , it has no conciousness . You have two tables , one with a small test tube which you know holds a microscopically small living zygote , and another table with a live baby . You are told that one of them will be destroyed and you have just two seconds to decide which , or both will be destroyed . Without a seconds thought I would immediately point in the direction of the zygote , and save the life of the baby . Extreme pro-lifers on the otherhand would probably end up killing the baby or both via indecision and inability to make a choice in just 2 seconds . That 's the morality of pro-life for you : the inability to realise that the chemical reactions that happen when a sperm meets an egg do not define a human person . Am I wrong ? I do n't believe so . The sperm meeting the egg is a really random point to decide the emergance of a human person . Why pick that point specifically ?	Obviously the correct thing to do is kill the zygote . The thing that bothers me about this whole thing is some of the people that said they would refuse to choose . This is characteristic of your typical wimpy religious copout and is nothing but a cheep avoidance tactic . These people are not the kind of people that should be making any important decisions that concern other people so I guess it’s just as well . A zygote is no more viable then a sperm . The attempt to call a zygote a living being is simply more evidence that the religious have no common sense .	agree	notsarc
What amazes me is someone could actually believe a constitutional ban on gay marriage is in anyway a contributing factor to divorce rates .	Simone continues to amaze us all	neutral	sarc
I would n't say most cjurches , because you can not prove that . There is a long list of churches that are accepting of gay folks .	And so does the Catholic Church ... ... ... They accept the homosexual but still condemn the homosexual act as they would any other sin ... ... .	neutral	notsarc
Not where I come from . .	YOu mean they do n't eat , sleep , pass wastes , fight ( not neccesarily physically ) for dominance in their social setting , react to the opposite sex , put on displays for the opposite sex , and things like that ? How very odd .	disagree	sarc
But Alton Harp has n't produced enough of these `` weird '' redshift images to have any significant statistical impact . I think he has cataloged a few dozen of these , most of which can be explained away . The ones that ca n't are just curiosities . Then there is n't a systematic way to look for these things , so any telescope time he applies for would be taken up by random searching , which is probably why someone else gets the telescope time .	Explained away means what ? If you do n't agree with the mainstream you are wrong . He has not been refuted and he has lots of pictures . Why not go to his site and look ?	disagree	notsarc
Yes , common sense proves that is true .	And of course , you 'd need to elaborate . Like exactly what about one version of God makes more sense than any other .	neutral	notsarc
If a particular animal had a beneficial mutation , it may not necessarily be able to breed to pass that on ... it might have the ability to digest a new type of food , but it may be too small to compete against a larger male .	I see . You are claiming that this is the case with every single beneficial mutation in every species through all time ? If that is not what you are saying , then what is your point ? Suppose what you say is true half the time . Then the gene gets passed on half the time . And what if the mutation occurs in the larger male ?	neutral	sarc
Then why does n't He answer prayers like He says He will in the Bible ? So is Jesus , aka God , a liar ? Or was not even one of the millions of believers who prayed for Terri Schiavo 's life to be saved really God 's child ? Gee , I wonder how many people out there are being led by a pastor , priest , or what have you , that prayed but God did n't listen because that religious leader is a fraud ? Hmmm , maybe the or molestation of young boys , y , and so on , by religious leaders is more widespread than anyone could have imagined ? ! ? ! ? !	lets see im going to ask you some questions . are you ? are you a ? do you have blue eyes ? do you have brown eyes ? now if you say NO to one of those things isnt that cosidered an answer ? where i come from its yes or no.2 possible answers . not just yes every time to get what you want .	neutral	notsarc
Er . . . just a quick question . Why would other bats need to be able to receive and interpret this new sonar-producing capability ? Bats use their sonar as echo-location , not as a means of communication with others , do n't they ? Does this reveal a hole in your thinking ? Smiley	sonar is more than that ; it 's a method of communication . http : //dsc.discovery.com/news/briefs/20041025/bat.html Whenever females heard sonar sounds from another female , they would call less frequently , likely to tune in to what the other female was communicating . According to the researchers , female bats interact mainly with other females in complex hierarchies during their lives , so that could be why they take more of an interest in echolocation sounds from their own sex . ... ..She told Discovery News , `` The connection of the two studies is in the idea that bat communication is more complex than previously documented , since research is finding a variety of social calls to be communicating territory defense and mate attraction , as well as sonar calls , previously thought to only function in prey capture and navigation , to also have a communication role . ''	agree	notsarc
It is interesting to note that confidence in the system has improved as the debate over health care reform has moved to center stage .	There is little confidence in the system as it presently exists . That 's why people want a public option included , or to scrap the entire bill for real reform like single payer . American health insurance , as a system , is not designed to provide assurance of health care , and when we need it most .	neutral	notsarc
Logical truths simply follow from the way in which concepts are defined . 1 + 1 = 2 is true and always true because of the meaning of ( 1 ) , the + sign , and = . They are not dependent on matter , nor are they dependent on god . It is true regardless of whether there is any matter which the number 1 can be used to describe , or regardless of whether any conscious being exists which can think it . These are not concepts created by man , but discovered by him .	I 'm still having a hard time with this . If nothing exists , no matter , then how can `` the number one '' exist ? On what basis is it defined ? If there is only nothing , then you ca n't add to it , like I said 0+0=0 . I know this is getting slightly off topic and philosophical , but it would seem to me that `` concepts '' , and I 'm not sure exactly how that 's being defined , must have a basis in reality , and therefore in matter .	disagree	notsarc
Please , so you actually advocate `` down-grading '' any union which does not raise children ? That 's simply insane ! Not to mention also highly unconstitutional .	most straight people get marry intending to have kids .	neutral	notsarc
Well , there it is . You have 'gone over to the dark side ' . Too bad . I hope it 's a temporary lapse , but if not , our debate was quite good while it lasted .	I think I 've been remarkably patient so far , actually . I made a simple personal statement to qualify my opinions , and you have decided that I 'm lying or deluded because that better fits the image of 'darwinists ' you like to think you 're debating . I 've endured with very little complaint regular comments deriding my intellect , and even kept my temper when hours of painstakingly constructed logical argument and evidence is completely ignored or dismissed as 'blowing smoke ' because you ca n't come up with a better response . The idea that I 'm the one somehow teetering on the brink of civilised debate , and should mend my ways lest I topple into your personal oubliette ... I think you need a quick perspective and soda .	disagree	sarc
Did anyone else expect anything less ? These evil fundie christianists can have affairs , 2 , 3 , 4 , or even 5 marriages yet gay people are a threat to marriage by wanting to get married .	You hear that cry ... allowing gays to marry will cause the downfall of civilization ... but you never hear `` how '' or `` why '' ? More Chicken Little # # # # .	agree	notsarc
Then , how much money should spend on the war on terror ? Should we bankrupt the country to do it ? Is it necessary to spend so much that we go bankrupt , or is it better to wisely spend the money we have and to fight an intellegent war against terror ?	If we bankrupt the country , the war on terror wo n't be the reason . Wasteful domestic spending is the only reason we have trouble funding the war on terror . We need to get intellegent with domestic spending . We could start with the $ 7 billion EPA .	disagree	notsarc
The vast majority of proclamations and assumptions illustrating a cultural gap between science and Christianity , such as this post , are over emphasized and exaggerated as they focus on people who are expected to be out of touch ( ie . People educated in the 40 's and 50 's when higher education was less common ) or a very small percentage of Christians . Christians included in mass people of all academic backgrounds who find their paradigm consistent with their viewable ( and non-observable ) reality and by alienating them in mass by focusing on the minority of Christians you perpetuate falsehoods .	Actually , the more educated a person is , the less likely he is to be a creationist . Creationists tend to be semi-literate ( poorly educated ) , rural , poor , and female .	disagree	notsarc
A very small fraction of our genetic material -- about 2 % -- performs the crucial task scientists once thought was the sole purpose of the genome : to serve as a blueprint for the production of proteins , the molecules that make cells work and sustain life . This 2 % of human DNA is converted into intermediary molecules called RNAs , which in turn carry instructions within cells for protein manufacture . `` And what of the other 98 % of the genome ? It has been assumed by many to be genetic junk , a massive accumulation of “code” that evolution has rendered superfluous . Now , however , scientists are discovering that the vast bulk of the DNA in our genomes , while it does not “code” for the specific RNA molecules that serve as templates for protein synthesis , do nevertheless perform various kinds of work . ''	It is not only supposedly `` junk DNA '' that was used for these kind of arguments . The vertebrate eye has been preached to be a bad design . Why ? Why is it a bad design ? The human eye contain bona fide optical fibers to conduct light ( nice illustration ) . Besides the design arose 40-60 times during evolution , like evolution was biased ( converged on an optimal design ) towards such a structure . So why is it sub optimal ? Are proponents of these arguments going to suggest a better design with all the blueprints ? Thought not , arguments from ignorance are short on design . Why was it suggested that the appendix is useless and functionless , instead of just admitting `` we are still looking into it '' . A few articles discussing its function : 1 ) Dasso JF . Howell MD . 1997 . `` Neonatal appendectomy impairs mucosal immunity in rabbits . '' Cellular Immunology . 182 ( 1 ) :29-37 . 2 ) Dasso JF . Obiakor H. Bach H. Anderson AO . Mage RG . 2000 . `` A morphological and immunohistological study of the human and rabbit appendix for comparison with the avian bursa . '' Developmental & amp ; Comparative Immunology . 24:8:797-814 . 3 ) Fisher , RE . 2000 . `` The primate appendix : a reassessment . '' The Anatomical Record ( New Anatomist ) 261:228-236 . 4 ) Weinstein PD . Mage RG . Anderson AO . 1994 . `` The appendix functions as a mammalian bursal equivalent in the developing rabbit . '' Advances in Experimental Medicine & amp ; Biology . 355:249-53 . 5 ) A more detailed survey of the evidence , with numerous references to other technical literature , showing that the appendix is not a vestigial organ can be found in J.W . Glover , The Human Vermiform Appendix—a General Surgeon’s Reflections , CEN Technical Journal , 3:31–38 , 1988 . In short : The appendix contains a high concentration of very specialized structures called lymphoid follicles ( also found throughout the GIT ) . Lymphoid follicles in the appendix produce cells that produce antibodies that control which essential bacteria come to reside in the caecum and colon in neonatal life . The `` strategic '' placement of the appendix is important during the development of neonatal life in the setup of healthy intestinal flora therefore neonatal appendectomy will impair mucosal immunity . `` The appendix 's job is to reboot the digestive system ... '' and `` acts as a good safe house for bacteria , '' . It might not be that important in later life and it can be removed , but so can your one kidney , your stomach , an eye , small intestines , reproductive organs etc . Are these bad designs then as well ? See ... these arguments have no force . Empty arguments from ignorance ... And the cilium ? Until the 1990s , the prevailing view of the primary cilium was that it was merely a vestigial organelle , without important function ( wiki ) . Seems like pretty high-tech structures to me ? Primary Cilium As Cellular 'GPS System ' Crucial To Wound Repair	agree	notsarc
It was a pretty clear rebuttle of the idea that the ToE breeds social elitism , Marxism , and Nazisim .	... which -- although a very good point when it comes to refuting creationist claptrap -- is not even the major issue of this forum . Undesirable consequences of an effect do not make that effect false or nonexistent . Gravity `` breeds '' falling deaths , which are bad , so let 's maintain that gravity does n't exist ...	agree	notsarc
Africa is not universally hot and arid . Surely you are n't ignorant of that ... The Pygmies are found in Rainforest which is characteristicly hot and humid . Hutus are not a race unto themselves , they are part of the Bantu group which is found chiefly across the Eastern side of the continent which is drier and less forested . This group emerged relatively recently but has been successful in displacing older groups such as the Pygmies and Bush men into less hospitable areas when they came into contact .	I know the Pygmies live in Rain Forests now but these evolutions took place , according to you more than a hundred thousand years ago at the very least when the Weather patterns were completely different in Africa and everywhere for that matter . In addition , the OP states 5 genetic clusters based on 5 geographical Continents , that allows one for Africa , yet from that single cluster we get the shortest people on Earth and some of the tallest . Does n't that cause you to question the reasonableness of this so called theory at all ? Or do you just blindly accept it because it comes to you in the guise of science ? And if it 's science then it must be right , right ?	disagree	notsarc
Firstly handguns held by criminals are illegal in UK so the fact that homicides have increased is irrelevant to the handgun ban . One could argue that without the handgun ban the accidental death rate would have increased . Personally believe that the UK handgun ban was too much hysterical overreaction but there . Secondly the ownership or not of handguns has no known connection to the increase of any crime whether in Uk , Australia or USA . Thirdly the ownership of guns in Switzerland relates to their military service requirements as Israel . Fourthly Not sure what doctors have to do with this anyway unless you wish to confie stats to gunshot wounds or the occasions when a doctor shoots their patient !	And the only reason the criminals hold handguns is because of the ban .	agree	sarc
Also , I think that evolution in itself is sort of a religion , as it tries to explain the creation of the universe and of all life .	You must be thinking of physics ... last I looked , biologists were n't trying to explain the the creation of the universe . However , we have an excellent handle on the evolution of species , and some pretty reasonable ideas about the origin of life , which is more than your bible ever came up with . I mean ... some invisible , bearded guy-in-the-sky zapped it all into existence ? Fairytales .	disagree	sarc
Did you actually read your own links ? I was holding those in reserve to prove my comment . Interesting reading non ? It seems the wars are repetitious and always involve a tyrant and his government and other wan na be 's like Vichy in France capitulating with Hitler . Most of the Free Army was composed of whom ? When did the resistance begin and are you making the argument that `` resistance is futile '' or that resistance is effective ? No doubt Sarge will have some insight on the sitop also ?	Oh , and good to see you here ! I notice we got some new posters and greetings to all .	neutral	sarc
I find that very interesting that many Christians are so loudly against abortion , yet their own bible condones it .	That 's right ! Everyone of the fundamentalists are on the band wagon about abortion being murder . The same ones depend on their ministers to hail the words for the biblical scholars . I think it 's called Hypocrisy at its finest ! Some people wo n't read for themselves but condem others who do .	agree	sarc
Again , this is evidence only to suggest not prove . I can not prove nor can anyone else . However , to say that there is no evidence even to suggest it is way beyond the realm of logic .	If you wrote this in response to my post , please note that I said that there is no PHYSICAL evidence that suggests that God exists without the mindset that God exists . Individuals who believe that God exists do not constitute physical evidence of God 's existence . Their belief in God is the reason for their seemingly amazing actions . Their belief is in their mind ( and/or their 'spirit ' ) . It is based on faith . It is not based on physical evidence in reality . The Bible is a book . It was written by human beings ( allegedly inspired by God ) . What is written in the Bible are ideas that were in existence prior to being written down , or they could not have been written down . If there is a central theme of ideas for a segment of the population over a long period of time , the population will be able to continue to write of those similar ideas with great consistency . That still does not constitute physical evidence in reality that God exists . That is just evidence that a similar belief in God has existed over a 'long ' period of time by a segment of the population .	disagree	notsarc
If someone says the big bang people have to say the big bang and not the `` evolution of the universe '' because it will just waste time .	Now you 're being ridiculous . The big bang is not the evolution of the universe . The words `` evolution of the universe '' do not necessarily entail the big bang . For example , brane theory offers an alternative theory to explain the evolution of the universe . But claiming that the `` evolution of the universe '' is part of the theory of evolution is somewhat like claiming that because Kate Hudson has achieved stardom , she is producing vast amounts of energy through hydrogen fusion . Why is it that creationists believe that every word has only a single meaning ? By the way , I have always heard the creationist invention `` GTE '' referred to as the General Theory of Evolution - you know , as if there is some relation to the general theory of relativity .	disagree	notsarc
To re-iterate - the police face mandatory training and testing , continuous psychological and physical assessment and a character check before they even enter the force . Personally , I 'd rather they did n't have guns on general issue ( as even the trained make mistakes ) , but I 'd rather just the police were armed than an entire citizenry .	Just because they undergo training and testing does n't mean that they 're any better of a choice than regular people . Police have been caught knowingly selling guns to known criminals , and they 've even shot each other multiple times . The police are n't the equivalent of Jedi , they do n't deserve sole access to firearms just because they get training in the use of arms .	disagree	sarc
4 ) Why has the vast majority of intelligently designed life ceased to exist ? if it was designed correctly in the first place why was it necessary to discard so many forms and replace them with different ones , as evidenced by the fossil record ?	Could you be more specific ?	neutral	notsarc
If you misinterpret my posts , I will misinterpret yours . I meant `` unlikely '' to mean `` probably not true . '' That does not mean that it is necessarily false . Without much data in that example , it is impossible to tell for sure what is `` true . ''	Really ? Let 's go to the OP . You said `` What this post explains is that Occam’s razor denies the accuracy of the bible because it makes too many assumptions to be more likely than the scientific explanation . Therefore , it is poor logic to accept the bible without further evidence . '' Now , if we are not `` to accept the bible '' , what are we supposed to do ? `` See my first example for a reason that we should keep our beliefs uncomplicated whenever possible . If we didn’t , we would be swamped with thousands of explanations for very simple events , and most of the explanations would be illogical . '' What do you mean by `` illogical '' . In context it seems that you are saying `` wrong '' . Are you ? If not , specify in detail how do you think an `` illogical '' belief would be correct ? `` Except that Occam 's razor is used for comparing hypotheses. `` Back to a scientific use of parsimony . What are we comparing them for ? `` Most likely '' or for which hypothesis is true and which is false ? I submit that you are being disingenuous . You actually mean that you can use parsimony to decide which hypothesis is true , but , when pressed that this does n't work , fall back to `` most likely '' . So let me ask , how `` most likely '' ? What are the odds ? How do you compute them ? Is `` most likely '' 51 % ot 49 % or 100 % to 0 % or somewhere in between ? Or does it change for each situation ? If `` most likely '' changes , then how do we know what you actually mean ?	disagree	sarc
Hi SS . Causing trouble again ? The cat experiment you describe can not , unfortunately , be used to support Lamarckian inheritance , because all the animals were denied the same essential nutrients , both the parents and the developing cats in the womb . Logically , if lack of nourishment causes health problems in one generation it 's inevitably going to cause the same problems in the next even without any evolution taking place . As others have pointed out , this experiment is evidence that adaptation to that restricted diet was not happening . Had the cats initially suffered and then begun to get better , this would be strong evidence that adaptation was occurring . Similarly , if you were denied Vitamin C you would develop scurvy . If a pregnant woman was denied Vitamin C - well , it hardly bears thinking about , but the fact the baby - were it to survive at all - would undoubtedly also suffer from scurvy is readily explicable by the observation that it , too , was denied Vitamin C. Now , if the baby was born with a functional Vitamin C synthesising gene , that would be compelling evidence that organisms could intelligently respond to environmental changes .	Well I 'm not arguing that this is adaptation ... I have never said that.. What I am saying is the environment -- in this case diet is the cause for these traits to emerge in offspring ... ..but like I said earlier ToE does not admit that the diet or any enviornmental variable can influence traits in offspring . Traits are dictated by genes and genes are closed off from the enviornment . This is the basic dogma of Weismann 's barrier . I 'm not necessarily calling this evolution ... .I 'm just simply pointing out that acquired traits can be inherited . There is no other way to describe this other than Lamarckism . Do you disagree that The inheritance of acquired characteristics is simply changes in physiology acquired over the life of an organism that are transmitted to offspring ?	neutral	notsarc
mu·se·um ( myu-'zE- & amp ; m ) n. : an institution devoted to the procurement , care , study , and display of objects of lasting interest or value .	Nope . AIG is n't a museum since there is nothing there of lasting interest or value .	disagree	sarc
None that prove one became another . Of course dinos , birds , and fish exist and scientist study them -or their remains as with dinos . Of course some dinosaurs are still alive like alligators , monitor lizards etc .	Well , there is now string theory , which has grown into M-theory , which may have a rational answer ( at least a mathematical one ) . But calling it a theory is really a misnomer . It 's more like a hypothetical model .	neutral	notsarc
So why , in this gun-hater 's dream come true of congress , did they choose not to advance a single gun control bill and have it signed into law ?	I do n't find it surprising . It 's probably a strategic sacrifice on their part rather than a change in their personal views . They do n't want to lose votes and possible support from gun owners for their priorities like health care reform because of a difference of opinion on gun control policy . They know that the Republicans are going to hit them with everything they 've got during election time and exaggerated accusations about the Democrats wanting to take away people 's guns would hurt them . The Republicans learned during the Clinton years that creating as much as paranoia as possible about the Democrats supporting big government is the way to regain a majority in Congress . It 's all politics .	neutral	notsarc
The theory of evolution as it applies to life on earth : Essentially that the various living things on the earth are a product of purely physical/natural laws , which can be rationally explained	This should read : The theory of evolution as it applies to life on earth : Essentially that the various living things on the earth are a product of purely physical/natural laws , which can be rationally explained by one process only I add this because your theory of evolution , which you just posit as here as the only theory , is but one of many .	neutral	sarc
Why is it okay for him to accept the virgin birth of Christ , and riducule anyone who believes in the creation of the first man , Adam ?	Because there is no evidence against the virgin birth and there is considerable evidence against Adam -- including the text of Genesis 1 .	disagree	notsarc
Anti-abortion . Here 's why . Nobody can tell us with any certainty when a person becomes a person . Science ca n't , religion ca n't , and politicians certainly ca n't . Since an abortion has real potential to kill a person it should be illegal for the same reason dropping a brick from the roof of a building is illegal or speeding is illegal or firing a gun randomly in your house is illegal . Many of the laws in this country were formed to make it illegal to do things that might harm/ kill another person . When a inteligent person fires a gun for instance : he makes sure of his target , makes sure there is nobody in front of or behind his target , checks his backstop , etc . In other words the shooter takes precautions to insure that nobody will be harmed . Those types of precautions can not be taken in the case of abortion . I would ammend this with an exception for when a pregnancy to term would result in a previously unknown risk to the mother . Side bar : the terms pro-life and pro-choice annoy me to no end . I find them to be misleading and disingenuous . When debating you are either for a subject or against it , pro-abortion or anti-abortion . Happy Halloween	I believe science can indeed tell us when it can not be considered a `` person '' as we define a person legally . No mental existence for the simple reason that the hardware has yet to form . Protecting `` potential '' persons is beyond the scope of our Constitution IMO .	disagree	notsarc
You 're the expert on that feeling ... ..	You got ta wonder . He keeps saying he 's won but he constantly ignores people calling his bluffs . I 'm not sure whether to laugh or cry at a guy who think 's he 's so smart when he ca n't even understand what erosion is and takes the commercial art of villagers as proof of creation .	neutral	sarc
You have fallen into the same trap as the IDers . When we say `` designed '' there is an unspoken prepositional phrase -- `` by an intelligent entity '' . What is really meant by `` designed '' -- in both Paley and IDers -- is that plants and animals are manufactured . Just like the watch was manufactured .	But not all `` designs '' are manufactured . Take the repetitive ridges of sand on a beach . They are created by the motion of the water . Shall I remind you of the humorous story about the `` image of Jesus '' that attracted much attention , yet turned out to be a coincidence of shadows ? This is why I insist upon your defining the terms you 're using .	disagree	notsarc
The family is the foundation of any society . A healthy family is the product of a healthy marriage . Not all marriages are healthy , but help is out there for them too . Anyone can choose to go to counseling and choose to pray to God , and HE will most certainly heal lives and marriages . A country is only as strong as its foundation . Our country is great because of its strong moral foundation . Look at the countries that have collapsed after continually turning their backs on God - the evidence is right there ! The government HAS GOT TO PROTECT MARRIAGE , because if it doesnt , this country will crumble ! If we listen to anyone on this issue , we should listen to FORMER HOMOSEXUALS ! They will tell you for themselves how sick they were , and now have found release from the chains of bondage ! they now have healthy relationships with the opposite sex . If they were supposed to be gay , and `` born with it '' ... .then why are they so much happier and `` free '' now after saying goodbye to homosexuality ?	And 2 men ca n't have a perfectly healthy , loving , stable marriage ? Why not ? Honey , every country collapses eventually . It 's a cycle . An empire rises , reaches it 's peak , and falls . Every single one . Take a history class . The government somehow is supposed to protect marriage ... .by saying it 's illegal ? What ? Former homosexual = celibate faker ! Or suicidal self-hater . Or bi that just ignores one half of their feelings . That 's about it .	disagree	sarc
Sharron Angle may be giving the press the silent treatment now , but she has n't always been so tight-lipped . Think Progress ( via Alternet ) has dug up some eyebrow-raising audio of a radio interview the Nevada Senate candidate did with Bill Manders back in January . The subject : abortion . Her stance : disgusting . Manders asks her whether there is `` any reason at all for an abortion , '' and she answers : `` Not in my book . '' For clarity , he says : `` So , in other words , rape and incest would not be something ? '' And Angle replies with this reasoning : `` You know , I 'm a Christian , and I believe that God has a plan and a purpose for each one of our lives and that he can intercede in all kinds of situations and we need to have a little faith in many things . '' You see , God planned your rape and pregnancy . Is n't that reassuring ?	Sharron Angle : God planned your rape , do n't abort ! - Broadsheet - Salon.com Nutcase Angle of Nevada is running again Senator Majority Leader Harry Reid in this fall 's election . The question is , are there enough screwballs and nutcases in Nevada to elect her ?	agree	sarc
`` Germans who wish to use firearms should join the SS or the SA - ordinary citizens do n't need guns , as their having guns does n't serve the state . '' -- Heinrich Himmler For pledging their support of Nazi ideals , we proudly award `` Yes '' the Medal of Holocaust and Genocide . Congratulations , you 're now a supporter of Hitler .	and you win the PINK PANTIES award ! I got news for you PUNK - my family fled the Nazi 's on foot in WWII	disagree	sarc
They crammed these critters in a sea worthy vessel made exclusively of gopher wood . The gopher wood was structurally sound enough to support the weight of said critters . The ark floated about like a cork for 40 days , etc whereupon the cargo was released to repopulate the world to present population levels .	Many of the animals were young so they weighed less than full grown animals , they did n't get pregnant and make more animals during the journey and they consumed less food because of their size . I 'm surprised you did n't know that Mutz .	neutral	sarc
Id never hurt a child , Id much prefer to torture gun owners tell that to that troll old Sarge who dishes out nothing but insults	Well torturing small animals and lighting fires and now you say you 'd never hurt a child . Why do I and perhaps others fail to believe you ? Gee Brady you are confused . Is it that reading comprehension thing again ? One needs only one post to prove you wrong but I 've posted so many sans insult you are pushing Pinhead out as the comic relief . What was you said , I tortured small animals ? I torture pro slavers as Tither points out . Face to face I merely point out the Pennsylvania Conbstitution and ask where exactly in there is your puffery ? Did you find any proof Sodini had a CCW permit ? Edgar Snyder is hot on the VPC trail now . Show your cyber courage and engage Bryan . I doubt you will but its so much fun to haunt you with it .	disagree	sarc
As shown above , our definitions were essentially the same .	Not sure how this remark defines `` kind , '' but nevertheless I have shown that it is n't true . It is your misunderstanding of the theory .	disagree	notsarc
`` Am I prepared to be a mother ? `` , who gets to answer it ? Is it the role of the State or of the Church to tell her what the answer to that question is ?	I would just want the woman to ask that question before she spreads her legs . Dono	neutral	sarc
`` There 'll be cheering for our results on the pro-life side and denouncing us angrily on the pro-choice side , Neither of those positions is sound . ''	So according to one of the people who conducted the study do n't go using their results as a tool for arguing against abortion . One woman I know had an abortion a short time after she was married . I also know she has regrets that she had the procedure . I considered what she had to say about her experience and thought about the 14 year old son she now has . From what she told me , I could plainly see she would never have had her son if she had not had her abortion as her circumstances would have changed beyond recognition . Perhaps she gets depressed about the child she never had because of her abortion . However , her son is a fantastic boy whom she loves very much . So we can not simplify in quite the way you seem to infer that we can .	neutral	notsarc
First of all , I am against abortion in nearly every circumstance , to save the mother 's life and rape or incest being the situations I deem it allowable . That said , the anti-abortion people where I live are beginning to get on my last nerve . Every week , they pick out an intersection and hold up gigantic graphic posters , close up bloody pics of aborted babies converted into 6 ft. X 3 ft. posters . Everyone who drives down the street gets these images forced upon them , adults and children , and I just ca n't agree with this tactic . Often when I am stuck at a red light one of the whackos will yell something my way ( little does he or she know my stance on the issue ) and I will generally yell something back like `` Get a f-kin job ya freek ! '' Stuff like that . They have now taken to knocking on vehicle windows at stop lights , attempting to pass out pamphlets - even though that is illegal by city ordinance . Standing on the roadside holding signs and distracting drivers apparently is not . Two days ago I saw the largest intersection protest I have witnessed . There must have been fifty to one hundred protesters holding the giant posters . Part of the reason it happens so often where I live is because we have an abortion clinic that serves most of northern Illinois outside of the Chicago area . The mis-named Northern Illinois Women 's Center is in fact an abortion mill located in a former school ( of all things ) . So that tends to rile folks up . That the owner of the building decided to name the building `` Fort Turner '' and put a large sign out in front ( Turner being the former name of the school ) did n't help matters . Bringing in a tanker truck with manure and threatening to hose down the protestors - now that was funny . Once , a Catholic priest rammed his car into the building to gain access then got out of the vehicle and started chopping the place up with an axe , until he was arrested . Needless to say , the abortion `` clinic '' has been a flashpoint in the community since it was opened at least 20 years ago . Now there are always protestor 's walking with signs in front of the abortion mill , and I can certainly understand that . IMHO that is where they SHOULD be protesting . But , I am becoming more and more perturbed with the people forcing these disgusting giant photo 's on the public in general at public street intersections . Does this sort of random street protest happen elsewhere ? ? ?	They were at the recent inauguration of our new mayor . What troubles me is the fact that they enlist their kids in the protests . Funny you can hold up those pictures but would be arrested if they were of naked women .	agree	sarc
like i said , i am not exactly a scientist so i just wanted to clear something up that confuses me . it is a scientific law that `` matter can neither be created nor destroyed '' correct ? but doesnt this contradict what you said about particles appearing and disappearing ?	Actually , matter can be created and destroyed . It is total energy that is conserved . One example is in a nuclear reactor . The mass of the fission products is less than that of the original fuel . Matter has been `` destroyed . '' But ov course , it became a form of energy - eventually electricity . On the other side , virtual particles spring into existance all the time in a vacuum . But the are a particle and an anti-particle and the net energy is zero so energy is conserved . These ideas come from quantum mechanics . A virtual particle is a particle that can never be directly detected , but whose existence does have measurable effects . One of those effects is the Casimir effect . It is an attractive pressure between two flat , parallel metal plates placed very near to each other in a vacuum . The pressure is due to the reduced number of virtual particles between the plates . When the plates are very close , only particles of certain resonant wavelengths can exist between them . Thus , more particles on the outside push the plates together . Stephen Hawking talks a lot about virtual particle pairs in both A Brief History of Time and The Universe in a Nutshell .	disagree	notsarc
Seems all the drills would broadcast when they had a leftie . Just could wait for that case of M-1 thumb or the hot one down the shirt .	Lol but the spent rounds go out the side of the weapon sarge so no hot rounds in the shirt And yeah I 'm left handed but oddly enough right eye dominant . It 's a trick being backwards lol ... .	neutral	sarc
Criminals continually inform the public that their greatest fear is a victim capable of fighting back against them and possibly killing them .	And that fear could motivate the criminals to be armed themselves- thus putting the public in more danger . Such a fear could start an arms race . Try looking at the big picture .	neutral	notsarc
Originally posted by Tim So you say that God is fake ? How about considering the arguments for God 's existence on this website ? http : //home.clear.net.nz/pages/bryanp/Other/atheis1.htm	The Ontological argument ? Seriously ? Those strawmen concerning atheism , question-begging and non-sequiturs were n't too shabby either .	neutral	sarc
I have already listened to 163 words of your wind up ( which my computer tells me can be surmised in 17 ) so cut some slack jones ! See ? Your logic is allready falling apart . I dont think this is worth my time . What do you think ?	[ note : post deleted ] You appear not to understand the purpose of this thread : to find out what side people are on and why . What you have done instead of answer the questions is made irrelevant comments on various aspects of my writing , my username , and my personal beliefs . If you do not intend to add relevant information to the thread ( such as your views ) , please do not post here . Finally , consider what you have posted so far : a ) you fail to understand/respond to what I ask b ) you accuse my logic of falling apart when this thread is based mostly on opinion c ) you believe that your computer is better at writing posts than a person is Is that relevant information ?	neutral	sarc
... Wow . You think creationism has hard things to explain ? Not near as hard as evolutionism . But I 'd love to hear the attempts .	Just for the sake of argument , let 's assume evolutionists had trouble explaining away the tongue of the woodpecker . How in any sense is creationism the alternative ? No explanation therefore God . What bloody rubbish . And why do the same people keep posting the same crapola on different sites under different names ? Ah , yes . Created without a brain . The only logical non-evolutionary explanation .	neutral	sarc
And no country in the developed world has such a system . Take your strawman elsewhere . In any case , if such decisions are made I 'd rather have them made by democratically accountable government than private corporations . I live in a country with a very good , though not perfect , public healthcare system , and the system proposed in the US is not government run , by any stretch of the imagination . The government will not own the hospitals , employ the medical staff , pay for most of the medicine , that will all be done by private insurers and private hospitals still . My maybe vote therefore means I think the US system needs to be nationalised , it 's much more efficient to do that .	There is no 'maybe ' vote listed . Whahappened ? 'Efficiency ' Profit is what motivates decision-makers in government here .	neutral	sarc
Yet another false assessment . Why is posting Christian historical context `` anti-Christian '' ?	Now who 's being disengenuous ? When was the last time one of you gays posted a pro-Christian thread ? lYou ONLY post anti-Christian threads , even though Christianity has been responsible for much of the good in the world .	disagree	sarc
As I see it the problem in this country is not guns . The problem is that our society has gotten soft on crime and pretty much gotten to the point of `` no one is responsible for their own behavior '' . Take the law suits against the gun manufacturer 's . Colt comes to mind . Someone used a Colt firearm in a murder and the victim 's family sued Colt for the wrongful death of a family member . The court 's basically said that colt should have known that their products may have been used in a crime and not sold them to someone who could have used it in the commision of a crime . That being the case , why ca n't the auto manufacturer 's be sued when one of their vehicles is used in the commision of a crime ? Why ca n't Ford or Chevy be sued when one of their vehicles is used in a DUI vehicular homicide ? The reasoning I have read is that the auto maker 's are unable to control the end use of their products . So how can one manufacturer be held responsible for the end use of their product and not another ? Another case in point . Less than a hundred years ago , if you were convicted of a murder you were sentenced to death and the sentence was carried out . Now if you murder somebody , you can plea bargain it down to involuntary manslaughter , get sentenced to 18 to 23 months , and be paroled in 9 to 12 month 's on good behavior . Now some would say the death penalty is cruel and unusual punishment . To them I put this question . What do you call kidnapping a child from her bedroom , raping and sodomizing her , putting her on a hot engine block , then strangling her . Do n't know about the rest of society , but that qualifies as cruel and unusual punishment in my book . By the way , the guy that did this was sentenced to life in prison on the taxpayer 's dime . No longer does the punishment fit the crime in this country . We have put a price tag on human life and I must say it is a damn cheap one . Guns are not the problem in this country . The problem is a government who trying to erode our rights to further their own agenda . Now for those who say we have a police force to protect us , if you would actually read their purpose , you would see that the police force has no duty to protect the individual , only the public in general . I have quite a few friends at the local state police barracks and in general they are opposed to gun control . Most police organization who are for gun control who are for gun control are politically motivated . For those who are going to say I 'm a right wing nut job , I 'll give you this . I served my country in various special operations forces . I can not go into anymore more detail than i 'll give you here , so please do n't ask . Automatic weapons were designed for assualt purposes so I will give you that one . However , as a highly decorated combat veteran I will say this . The most dangerous and demoralizing weapon ever made was a sniper rifle . Death can come from anywhere at anytime . Most have an effective range well over any automatic weapon . Sniper rifles are basically modified hunting rifles that can be duplicated by any gunsmith worth his salt . The effective range on a 5.56mm round ( basically a .223 remington ) fired from an M-16 ( or An AR-15 ) is just over 450 meters . A 7.62 x 54 mm round ( a .308 , a very popular hunting round ) is about 1200 meters . To put this in perspective there is just over 1700 meters in a mile . I do carry a M1911 Colt .45 as a concealed carry weapon . After reading some of the other posts here , I must say I am deeply offended by someone saying that because I carry a CCW I 'm going to shoot someone over a fender bender . I will say that their are some who should n't be carrying a CCW . And I do take responsibilty for my weapons . Unfortunately . I have had to use my weapon on a couple of occasions . Most of the time simply brandishing the weapon and taking control of the situation is enough to end it in a positive way . Only once have I had to discharge my weapon in self defense . By the way , the criminal in on the receiving end of that one had a very long and violent criminal history . I have shed the same blood in the same mud as alot of others to insure that EVERYONE in this country has the freedom to have their own opinions about things . That is a right guarenteed in The Constitution of the United States . Just as it is a right for me to own arms of my choice . Some would say that my RKBA is outdated . To them I ask , what if I think your right to free speech or freedom to religion is outdated ? Should it be changed too ? There are no easy solutions to the problem we as a society are facing . But blaming guns or free speech for our problems is like saying flies cause garbage . It is easy to blame guns for our problems . But they are merely a tool , like a shovel , that unless put into use by a person or persons . it merely just sits there and does nothing . Our society has pushed the issue of not being responsible or held accoutable for your actions way to far . I do have a solution to these problems , but most would find it offensive . What the hell , I 've probably offended alot already , so here goes . We have a three time loser law , that if you have three felony convictions you are considered a career criminal . Now alot of those crimes involve firearms . So if you are convicted of three felony firearms crimes , you should get the death penalty to be carried out immediately . It will take some time to get the message across but iI do believe when the message gets out , firearms crimes will be reduced drastically . Well , I need to get some things done so I 'll write more later . Later all ... ...	I think you hit it pretty much on the money . Gun control does not cure anger , hate , and violence . Talk about responsibility . Gun grabbers blame you and me and our behavior for the violence in this country . They blame everyone except the one who pulls the trigger and takes human life .	neutral	notsarc
Pro choicers claim they are for the rights of women . If that is true why do n't pro-choicer want the pregnant women who seek abortion to be informed . I read yesterday , how the pro-choice people are trying to block legislation that would help women make better CHOICES about their pregnancy . If I find the link , I 'll post it , but the legislation was anyone who seeks an abortion , must have access to a sonogram before the abortion . That having an abortion `` may '' cause post-abortion stress syndrome , which for some it does ! It 's sad , pro-choicer , do n't want women to be `` informed '' to the best of their ability . Sonogram can be helpful tool to the WOMAN in helping her make a better CHOICE , and are n't pro-choicers all about CHOICE . So why block this legislation ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? I do n't understand why pro-choicers have so much hate .	Anti abortion people want to take a womens right to an abortion away period . Would you force someone to get a sonagram of a tumor and be forced to look at it and think `` do I really want to have this tumor removed ? '' That is exactly what a fetus is and for some women that is how it is viewed .	disagree	notsarc
With no idea how or why he came about , he trusts in his mummy it will all be sorted out . From time to time a tune will be played , it 's only his mother humming away . It is like being in space and bouncing around , especially when mum is running up and down . But it is all cut short one bad day , a bladed catheter sliced me away . First it ripped and severed my leg , then it punctured my guts , removed them today . The jabbing and slicing makes me feel bad , I wonder why mummy is making me sad ? I never got the chance to see her face , now I 'm dismembered all over the place . I will never know her or see her , not a trace , I have been removed from the human race . Want to cuddle and give her a kiss , and say hi to my brothers I know I will miss .	The only reason why that makes no sense is that no one exists inside the embryo . It would be like writing about someone weeding their garden from a weeds point of view . The anthropomorphization of non-mental existant beings is implausible at least .	disagree	notsarc
You mean where the judge did the job she 's paid to do by ruling on the constitutionality of a law ? Or is this only a problem when it 's laws that you like that are ruled unconstitutional ? This is Civics 101 . If the legislature writes a law that is unconstitutional , it 's the job of the judicial branch to strike it down . The legislature can then rewrite the law , or get the constitution amended . I 've yet to see you demonstrate this process being abused in the matter of gay marriage . All you 've done is point out rulings you do n't like .	True so true Now a true judicial activist would rule the unconstitutional the very state amendments that definds marriage between a man and a woman even though they are in the constitution . The laws such as in Mass . and other states that ruled on marriage were gender nutral . If the era http : //www.now.org/issues/economic/eratext.html where in the US constitution then marriage equility could be fought in the courts on that level .	neutral	sarc
Hey Monster , go to www.atheists.org/nogodblog and scroll down until you see the picture of Bush . He has a message for you	Yes he is telling me : `` This is what I am doing to my dog , and what I have been up to all this time as your president . ''	neutral	sarc
A slightly misleading title by the BBC , but an interesting article non the less ... http : //news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/sci/tech/4056559.stm	Thanks for the link it was an interesting read . I found the comment in the second to last paragraph most intriguing : 'Scientists have also identified the smallest number of genes required to sustain life in a bacterial cell ( about 350 ) . If they can overcome the many technical hurdles of building a wholly artificial cell in the lab , it is conceivable they could `` create '' - albeit simple - `` life '' . ' Who knows what that line of research might lead us to ?	agree	notsarc
More like put on `` leave with pay '' aka `` taxpayer funded holiday '' while the woman is charged with `` assaulting a police officer '' to try and cover their misdeeds . At least that seems to be the usual tact in 21st century america .	If the taser led to the death of an innocent , they would have been charged with a crime . There is no doubt about that once the investigation was completed . But this is all irrelevant since the baby did n't die and was born without complications . This whole thread is founded upon a huge what if in order to demonize pro-lifers while ignoring what the pro-death advocates truly represent as they support infanticide for the sake of the convenience of irresponsible women .	disagree	sarc
ServantOfChrist For every side of every issue you will find studies backing opposing theories . Whatever it is that you believe , if you search within your bias you will always find information and 'evidence ' to support it .	Whcih is why , in order to get to at least some semblance of the truth , one must look behind the report to the publication where is appears . There are very few outside the hard right religious radical lunatic fringe ( SoC for example ) who give credence to anything NARTH puts out given their biases . I have yet to see one of these folks explain how allowing same gender couples to marry will negatively impact their own marriages .	neutral	sarc
I guess my question is , which account are you speaking of ? You ca n't say `` Genesis '' because the book , the combination of Genesis , is man-made , 2 seperate and different accounts were forced together to make `` Genesis '' . How do make the choice on which account you believe ( the Jehovists or the Elohists ) ?	The entire Bible is `` man made '' . When you start believing that parts of the Bible are infallible , where does it end ?	neutral	sarc
National Health System and Public Education ? Yeah , you 're right . No socialism here . Move along ...	If you haven’t noticed we also have private education and private healthcare . All states have to provide healthcare if they aren’t totally heartless , and this is one of the most efficient ways to dispense mass healthcare . The same goes for the education system ...	neutral	sarc
`` Lott now admits he used a fake persona , 'Mary Rosh , ' to post voluminous defenses of his work over the Internet . 'Rosh ' gushed that Lott was 'the best professor that I ever had . ' She/he also penned an effusive review of 'More Guns , Less Crime ' on Amazon.com : `` It was very interesting reading and Lott writes very well . '' ( Lott claims that one of his sons posted the review in 'Rosh 's ' name . ) Just last week , 'Rosh ' complained on a blog comment board : `` Critics such as Lambert and Lindgren ought to slink away and hide . '' `` By itself , there is nothing wrong with using a pseudonym . But Lott 's invention of Mary Rosh to praise his own research and blast other scholars is beyond creepy . And it shows his extensive willingness to deceive to protect and promote his work . '' http : //www.townhall.com/columnists/m ... 20030205.shtml	This is not nearly as uncommon as people seem to think . i am guilty of it myself . My company offers a high end software product and we provide a support forum for users to discuss problems , techniques , etc ... I often log on under a false persona in order to interact with customers without getting swamped . It is no big deal . If anybody asked if our software is good or sucks , I always say it is excellent and easy to use . If they ask about our support , i always tell them `` top notch '' . I have spoken with a couple of college professors I know about this very topic ( I live in a college town ) and they have both said this is far from unusual in the academic community , especially when publishing controversial work .	agree	sarc
It is in no way as foolish as the YEC theory , or even the strict creationist theory , but there are certianly hole in the theory . We may fill them in the future , but for now , we just have conjecture to fill those holes .	Again , name one that is presented in high school . In fact , name several since you seem to think that there are several . And it really does n't matter how many times you squeal about how you are n't talking about YEC , you are . You have been duped and you did n't even know it was going on . Why do the people of Kansas elect scientific illiterates to make decisions about science education . Why did they pay a panal of 27 scientists and science educators to write science standards , and then throw them out ?	disagree	notsarc
what I am talking about is not a death penalty trial as we have today , but after the person has received a 100 year or more sentence . The cost would be only the method of death .	Oh that greatly changes the equation does n't it ? Very unrealistic , but for the sakes of the debate , why not ? Well , alledgedly , 23 innocent people have been put to death , and for sure two unrefutable cases . I do n't support killing people as a deterrent or as any means in a justice system .	neutral	sarc
Oh it 's no mistake Montalban . I , unlike you , am quite clear in my arguments , and have a direction and a goal . We can take your other definitions of creationism one at a time , thank you very much .	What do you mean by other definitions ? Before you stated `` Creation is ... . '' thus it is implicit in this that you are arguing against a single homogonous construct . And it 's embarrassing for you to realise that there 's actually as much variance of opinion in this , as in evolution .	neutral	notsarc
IThere are no half-ape men found in the fossil record .	You seem to like this little blurb , I 've seen it several times in various forms . The last time I saw it , it said something like `` there are no half ape-half human fossils '' . This is a rediculous line of thought , and shows how little you actually know about TOE . A half ape-half human fossil would mean that an ape had reproduced with a human . THAT IS NOT WHAT THE TOE IMPLIES . I do n't know how many more times you need this repeated to you , but I will offer my assistance as often as needed ... no need to thank me .	disagree	sarc
`` The right was in the context of the citizen soldier of the conscript militia . In the eighteenth century private arms were never strictly private . The public had a claim for public purposes . Coxe was a strong Federalist . He was employed in Hamilton 's Treasury Department during the Whiskey Rebellion . He expressed no concerns that the enrollment and inventory requirements of the Militia Act would infringe on right of the people to keep and bear their private arms . '' http : //www.potowmack.org/thequotes.html # coxe	Private guns were completely private . They were personal property and could not be seized . It was the man that carried the weapon who was required to provide service , and required to provide his own weapon . Since the enrollment and inventory requirements were specifically to ensure that every man had his own private rifle , shot , powder , kit to fight with , it would seem rather stupid to worry that it was infringing on peoples right to bear arms , would n't it ? Contrast this with today , where registration schemes have been used in places like new york to provide lists for seizure or surrender of firearms . In the one case , you have a law that is meant to insure that everybody has a weapon , i the other , it is a law determined to limit the accessibility of weapons . You really do n't see the difference here ?	disagree	notsarc
Why has n't natural selection weeded out species with their inferior `` optical vision '' and given them all echolocation , which would allow them superior senses in day and night , rather than just daytime ?	Because natural selection works on a cost/benefit basis . For bats and whales and cave-dwelling birds echolocation confers huge advantage , allowing them to exploit niches closed to competing species . For ground- or tree-dwelling terrestrial animals , it would be of marginal or zero benefit , given the 'noise ' in their immediate surroundings .	disagree	notsarc
How do you know if they WANT to believe in a deity ? They simply do n't .	and the others do n't want to believe ( hope there is n't ) a god	neutral	notsarc
That 's really simplified . It 's not like a woman 's body is a suitcase and the fetus is biologically self-reliant . It lives off her life processes - her blood , her immune system , her calories - it puts stress on her joints , muscles , heart , and bladder . Pregnacy can demand major sacrifices in behavior and diet - some of which can be detrimental . No a baby is n't the woman 's body - but a pregnancy IS .	HA wouldnt you say someone who is really overweight actually has more of a problem with stress on their joints , muscels , heart , and bladder than a woman carrying a small child in her womb ? Obesity can demand major scarifices in behavior and diet . Some of which can be detrimental . I really dont see your point because this isnt just a woman 's problem when it comes to these issues you pointed out . And im not really sure what a `` pregnancy '' is according to you.. please explain.. When i hear the word pregnant , i think of 2 people , not just 1 . Also , the baby has its own blood , its own immune system , and contains its own calories once consumed . theres nothing that the mother has that the baby doesnt other than it just needs nutrtion . Just like you need food everyday .	disagree	notsarc
Making abortion illegal goes against common sense ? I would say that making abortion legal in call cases makes no sense ... but ok. You also maintain that only religious people are against abortion ... I know this is n't true because many of my friends or family are not religious and are against abortion . Not only that , there is an organiztion called lp4life ( libertarians ) and many of them are not religious and they argue against abortion on non-religious grounds which is what many of us do here on the forum . Stop making baseless claims because you have a quarrel with religion . Your unwanted children claim is also baseless . There has already been a debate on this and it is very clear ( as he does n't respond anymore ) that abandoned babies will not increase due to abortion being illegal . Another baseless claim . I do n't understand why you just make claims and then never back them up eventhough you say you use logic and common sense . Is it logical to oppose abortion only because you are mad at a religion ?	I 'm not mad at religion , but I do pity the rationalizations it creates .	disagree	sarc
The lagomorph does n't realise it is so 40s to talk about genes `` controlling '' cells . Modern biology knows that cells are governed by an interaction of genes and environment . Of course , lagomorph is careful not to read about any of this , so nothing can disturb the anti-Darwinian fantasy world he inhabits .	so if cells are controlled by their genes ( and the environment ) , what would you predict would happen to the cell if its genes were removed ?	neutral	notsarc
We do n't execute people who ca n't comprehend the nature of their crimes and society says that , under 18 you ca n't fully comprehend criminal actions .	Actually , society has n't said this . 5 judges , in very recent times , have . I for one think that some 17 year olds fully comprehend the full implications of murder , and therefore should be held accountable in the same way as an 18 year old . I guess I just do n't see any reason why a jury could not address the issue on a case by case basis . I do not see the `` 18 and over execution rule '' in the eighth amendment .	disagree	notsarc
And we have an emotional post with no substance whatsoever . I 'm sure your twin will be checking in soon . I think I 'll keep a count of this type of post .	And we have a paranoid post with no content whatsoever . Once again you see a conspiracy where none exist . You 're also showing your paranoia again by referring to my `` twin '' , but you go right ahead and keep a count of whatever you want ( a little hint-when you get to 10 , use your toes )	disagree	sarc
My taxes pay to have a Navy presence around the world .	Actually , no , they do n't . The job of the Navy is to protect U.S. national security . They are not charged with the defense of private citizens sailing international waters .	disagree	notsarc
And it is n't imposing our religion on anyone at all just because we rely on scriptural values in determining what is right and wrong in life .	It is when you rely on them to determine what is to be right and wrong in other people 's lives . Since you are heterosexual and have rallied against gay rights/gay marriage you have done this and are therefore imposing your religion on others .	disagree	notsarc
Yes , it certainly would affect my career opportunities , and that was one of the things I took into consideration ( note that every thing I listed was something I considered ) .	Actually , as Another Opinion pointed out , there are more considerations beyond that . Emotional ones . Some people would have a hard time giving up some part of themselves ( or how ever they see it ) , thus there are the cases of changed minds . Others may constantly worry later on 'how is s/he doing , are they okay or not ... ' in regards to the child . I was merely addressing certain aspects of this topic .	neutral	notsarc
Also , you say that not teaching something is suppression ? Does this stop you from teaching your kids that God created the Earth and everyone on it ? Right now , what is taught invites the most thought . It 's taught that a Creator is possible and it 's also possible that there is no Creator . What thought does this suppress ?	Students become confused when the school curriculum implies that what their parents taught them is wrong .	neutral	notsarc
I most certainly can tell the difference , in degrees in most cases , in certainty with others . I am human and therefore fallible , if that 's what you 're getting at .	Not at all . You said	disagree	notsarc
It 's more of a confirmation of Rapid Adaptation rather than Natural Selection imo . It 's very similar to the Finches who , in a very few generations changed their beak lengths in response to the changing environmental conditions . Natural Selection implies minute changes over millions of years leading to new species . Not noticeable changes in just a few , or even 10 generations to guarantee the survival of a creature .	You know , Gradualism is n't the only side of the story . There 's also a model of evolution called Punctuated Equilibrium .	neutral	notsarc
Dianne Feinstein Banning guns addresses a fundamental right of all Americans to feel safe . Mahatma Mohandas K. GandhiAmong the many misdeeds of British rule in India , history will look upon the Act depriving a whole nation of arms as the blackest .	`` 'Arms ' in this context were military arms not the personal weapons of private individuals . The context of 'depriving of the whole nation of arms ' was the refusal of the British to conscript Indians into the British Army during the First World War . Gandhi was an extreme anti-militarist . The statement is odd coming out of him , but he used the circumstance for political purposes to advance the cause of Home Rule and Independence . '' http : //www.potowmack.org/thequotes.html # gandhi	disagree	notsarc
The key issue is that once children are born they are not physically dependent on a particular individual .	Really ? Well , when I have a kid , I 'll be sure to just leave it in the woods , since it can apparently care for itself .	disagree	sarc
HOW DARE THEY NOT SUPPORT YOUR UNNATURAL LIFESTYLE !	Yea dude I 'm not gay and homosexuality is not unnatural .	disagree	notsarc
Anyway , aside from that inconsistency with your position elsewhere ...	And your cowardice in not addressing that elsewhere , but instead trying to snipe away by applying it in other threads where it does n't belong ...	disagree	notsarc
Is Keynesianism a theory of the free market ? No says Keynes , it is just as applicable in a totalitarian state	I believe that Jo Bennett has just stated that Keynesianism is essentially a repudiation of the free market so I ca n't possibly see how Keyneisanism can be a theory of the `` free market . ''	neutral	notsarc
How proposed -- submission . SECTION 1 . Any amendment or amendments to this constitution may be proposed in either house of the general assembly ; and if the same shall be agreed to by a majority of the members elected to each of the two houses , such proposed amendment shall be entered on their journals , with the yeas and nays taken thereon , and referred to the legislature to be chosen at the next general election , and shall be published , as provided by law , for three months previous to the time of making such choice ; and if , in the general assembly so next chosen as aforesaid , such proposed amendment or amendments shall be agreed to , by a majority of all the members elected to each house , then it shall be the duty of the general assembly to submit such proposed amendment or amendments to the people , in such manner , and at such time as the general assembly shall provide ; and if the people shall approve and ratify such amendment or amendments , by a majority of the electors qualified to vote for members of the general assembly , voting thereon , such amendment or amendments shall become a part of the constitution of this state .	Unlike California , amendments in Iowa must pass the legislature first ( simple majority ) before going to the voters . While I know little about the Iowa legislature , this seems a no brainer in a populace vote , considering previous votes and more current polls on this subject in Iowa . As a rule I lend polls very little credence , but DOMA passed by a wide majority in 1998 . I doubt things have changed enough to cover the gap , a lot of traditional values and religious folks in Iowa .	neutral	notsarc
I give you , from The Federalist , Alexander Hamilton ... Does this sound like he is saying , `` the government can dictate to anyone what kind of arms that they can own ? ''	No , it sounds like he 's saying people should be able to have arms so they can be trained to the point where they can be considered a well-regulated militia .	disagree	notsarc
We ca n't be of the same kind as apes , because ( based on the only `` definition '' of kind I 've heard ) micro-evolution can turn one species into another within `` kinds '' , and humans ca n't turn into anything , or vice-versa .	So we ca n't base our definition of `` kind '' on mere appearances ? I mean if we are going to put things into categories and call the category `` kind '' , we should do this by common appearances . A penguin is in the same kind as a hummingbird , but is a lobster in the same kind as an oyster ? Obviously a lobster and a shrimp would be in the same kind , but could a dolphin and a manatee be in the same kind ? Did they evolve from a common ancestor kind ? And since apes look and act so much like humans , did n't they just evolve from humans ? By all appearances , they we must all be in the same kind .	disagree	sarc
Why do bats continue to rely on sonar to `` see ? '' Why have n't they evolved eyes over time ?	Most bats have eyes . Aside from that , the answer to your question is , once again , a big `` Duhr ... '' . Echolocation is superior to vision because it works no matter how much light exists . Optical vision only functions if there 's light , and low and behold , most bats feed and live in darkness .	neutral	sarc
Acutally global warming causes it to be hotter in the summer and colder in the winter , which is bad for any living thing .	Source ?	neutral	sarc
I personally think you go after the butcher abortion doctor and prosecute him ... ..	Yes , let 's prosecute someone for following the law .	neutral	sarc
In 2000 , the U.S. recorded close to 11,000 firearm homicides and more than 16,000 firearm suicides . The European Union -- an area with a population approximately 25 % higher than that of the U.S. -- reported fewer than 1,300 firearm homicides for the same year . In Japan , the number was 22. sinjin - The US firearm homicide rate is more than 180x that of Japan .	And what exactly did it take to get such a low number ? Exactly how much of a police state are you willing to tolerate for a few less murders each year ? What human rights and freedoms are you willing to give up ? Are you willing to let the police come into your home without a warrant and make regular , unannounced , unscheduled inspections to ensure that there are no illegal contraband in the area ? At what point will you finally reach the conclusion that the price outweighs the gain ?	neutral	sarc
Think about the following questions for a while : Why do we have an inbuilt sense of right and wrong ?	Because society teaches us what is acceptable . Those who fail to learn are known as criminals . They are sociopaths .	neutral	sarc
you do n't ... you break open the `` rock '' and carbon date the soft , flexible parts that somehow survived for 100 million years without turning to stone . ( It would also help if you broke the big bones open and looked for such tissue ... something science evidently never has done either until Mary S. did it a couple years ago .	You 're over-egging the pudding a little , SS :	neutral	sarc
Me personally ill go with what i see , not what i hear or read . And as far as gun laws and gun control goes , or any laws for that matter , do you honestly believe if guns were banned that criminals wont be able to get them anymore .	Well , if I 'm allowed to go purely on what I see , I 've never seen an illegally owned firearm in the UK , and handguns are ( for all intents and purposes ) banned here . This should be a knock-down argument , should it not ? If you do n't want to go on what you read or hear , why are you debating the issue online ?	disagree	sarc
Termites produce two times the carbon dioxide that humans do ... let 's have a war with termites to get rid of some carbon dioxide . lol	ICBM , but I believe the termites make up the largest land-based biomass on earth .	agree	notsarc
But to atheists , telling the truth is neither right nor wrong , i.e . they have no basis for morality .	So , whenever anyone tells you something you do n't want to believe , they are lying atheists . How far do you think that attitude is going to get you in life ? And what about Christians who accept evolution ? Are they lying ? What about Christians who do scientific research that confirms evolution ? Are they lying ? To go back to the first statement I quoted , when you dismiss all the evidence we bring up as lies , how are we supposed to convince you of anything ? Or is this just a one-way street ? It is our duty to be convinced by you ? To me :	disagree	sarc
i can not prove 100 % that God exist , the atheist can not prove100 % that God does not exist because absolute proof is not posible .	If you ca n't prove or deal in absolutes , then the basis of your argument , the `` absolute '' nature of logic , just became pretty shaky .	disagree	sarc
Note this paragraph in the classical oath and its implication for doctors performing abortion and euthanasia : `` I will neither give a deadly drug to anybody who asked for it , nor will I make a suggestion to this effect . Similarly I will not give to a woman an abortive remedy . In purity and holiness I will guard my life and my art . ''	The classical oath seems intrinsically sexist , however . The oath specifically mentions teaching medicine to sons , while daughters are not mentioned . The quote you mention follows the same vein , that women 's desires are not considered ( whether to persue medicine or control their reproduction ) .	neutral	sarc
I would secondly say that saying that one has a constitutional right to marry is not the same thing as saying that one has the right to marry a person of the same gender .	And why would you say something like this ? Because Christianity prohibits it ? I ca n't think of any other reason .	disagree	sarc
( edited for brevity ) Abortion is the greatest moral evil of our time . Dr. James Dobson .	Well , considering that quote comes from somebody whose throat I would just as soon slit as have come within ten feet of my child , it means nothing .	disagree	sarc
I find it interesting that the slippery slope fallacy keeps popping up again and again in the arguments of pro-gun activists even after the Heller decision . In that decision , the Supreme Court recognized an individual right to own guns but rejected the slippery slope argument that has been used by the gun lobby for years .	Soooo lets see . You are denying a slippery slope exists . OK we have all of the gun laws you guys got during the Clinton Administration . 1.The assault weapons ban . 2.The ten round magazine , 3.institution of the waiting period , 4.Brady background checks for all handgun buyers , 5.Excessive fees and regulations that drove many legitimate gun shop owners out of business . 6.Making it illegal for anyone under 18 to own or even possess a handgun . 7.The President 's executive order stopping the importation of many guns , 8 . Additional disqualification 's and changes to legal firearms purchases on form 4473 , 9 . Insta Check ! 10 . The widening of Brady to include background checks from just handguns to include all new firearm purchases . 11 Lautenburg . and just recently the NICS improvement act ! But Yet , you want to add even more gun laws . But the Slippery Slope does not exist ? Is that what you are saying ? We have on this board alone , demands on our Constitution 's Bill of Rights of total Gun Registration , Mandatory Storage with as of yet undefined penalties , a photo ID . Some advocate banning Assault Weapons , and you yourself have put forth several arguments that the 2nd amendment is not an Individual Right , and it applies only to a states right to form a militia . But the slippery slope does not exist !	disagree	sarc
4 . Global warming will cause all icecaps to melt and flood the planet .	did n't Kevin Costner do a movie about this in 1995 ?	neutral	sarc
As long as abortion is legal , men can be denied the right to procreate ! If `` choice '' is to be applied fairly , men should be allowed nine months after learning of the pregnency to legally `` abort '' their relationship with the child . Otherwize , men are left with fewer `` rights '' and additional responsibilities ( for which he can be arrested if he does n't meet them ) . However , it would be much easier to consider intercourse the only time when any `` choice '' can be made .	Well if a man wishes to father he should have a legal agreement with the woman to mother his child . Rights and duties implied . Cylene Gama	neutral	notsarc
but , thats not the point .	Actually yes , yes it is .	disagree	notsarc
But it is n't , because of immigration , so what 's the problem ? Besides , our population should decrease . Either that , or people should consume far less . After all , in terms of environmental impact , you can fit twenty times as many Chinese or South Asian people as you can one American in a population .	Population should decrease ? Are you making another one of your anti-evolutionary statements ? Populations are supposed to grow . However , the caucasian population is shrinking . You need to have 2.9 children in order to reproduce the population , but almost all of the European nations and the US ar n't even producing that many . Our population is growing , but only because of hispanics .	disagree	notsarc
Creationists have a theory . Evolutionists do n't know .	No . Chemists have a theory ( abiogenesis ) . Creationists have a belief .	disagree	notsarc
When was the last mass murder at a UK university then ?	When was the last time there was ever a mass murder at a gun range full or armed patrons ? Or an International Practical Shooting Confederation match ? Or any of our shooting sports that people come from all over the world to take part in ? If the `` gun culture of America '' is truly to blame for all these campus massacres , how come none of the shooters ever seem to be members of the NRA , or took part in a hunter 's safety course , or anything else along those lines ?	disagree	notsarc
Hey pandion , voting according to the rules of the California Constitution is not imposing any individuals will or morality on anyone .	But what if it is unconstitutional , like Prop . 8 ?	neutral	notsarc
Carmen , it 's senseless not to believe that Abortion is Planned Parenthood 's # 1 reccomendation . Does Planned Parenthood offer pregnancy support ? No . Do they offer ultrasounds ? No . Do they have maternity wards ? No . What do they do ? They give out pregnancy tests and do abortions . That 's where they get their money- a quarter of all their revenue is from pre 13-week abortions . This is not even countig their later more expensive abortons that are also so common ! They get $ 40 million a year for abortions alone .	parcum , they are like any other medical facility , saying this is like saying that just because my physician just happens to be do some surgeries , he will always tell me I need to have a surgery- because of course , he will make more money off me then . You dont like the fact that planned parenthood performs abortions , and so you feel the need to slanderize them . Some rabid pro=lifer told you that , and you swallowed it hook , line and sinker . You obviously have no clue into the idea of customer service- which is the field I work in . You try to do whatever is in the best interest of the customer , even if it sends them to your competition . IN the case of planned parenthood , it is against their policy to recommend that a patient do anything but dicuss it with their own support system , be that friends , family , clergy or whatever . Any employee of theirs who breaks that policy is making them liable for legal recourse , and will also be likely to lose their job . I wonder , does your high school offer logic courses ? Please do us all a favor and invest in one .	disagree	sarc
`` It 's not helping . The guns these people have , they do n't register , they do n't care , they 're probably stolen , they 're probably obtained illegally , in many cases they 're prohibited , '' commented Chief Hanson . sinjin - What 's with the probably ( s ) ? Have they attempted to trace handguns recovered from criminals ? Wonder how many trace right back to the US ?	Oh , I would wager about like Mexico , about 80 % fewer than guestimated . Funny you would ask that when the puts the finger squarely on gangs . How is that drug war working out in Mexico or Canada for that matter . Think the gangs are for smuggling dope or guns ? What causes the problems ? Dope but they also have guns . I wonder how a national dope registry would work	neutral	sarc
Is murder still illegal in your humanistic world ?	Murder is ALWAYS illegal .	neutral	notsarc
Just curious what the Poll results here on this forum will be . 1 ) Yes , I want the Bill to pass - as is . 2 ) No , I do n't want any kind of government-run , mandatory health care 3 ) Maybe , if it is tweeked	Who wants healthcare run by large corporations that have rigged the market for cost twice as large as in other developed countries ?	neutral	sarc
i 'm going to be a teacher because i love history and thats what i want to do . so why should i be punished for it ? why should i have to live in poverty for working just as hard as a billionare . i should be able to work hard at something and make a REAL contribution to society without being poor .	Oh , so business owners do n't make `` real '' contributions to society ?	disagree	sarc
And in November the democrats will lose full control of the house and senate , and all of these obamanations will be undone one after another . The American people strongly opposed health care reform and spoke out loudly against it , and they were soundly ignored . No democrat is safe come November . They lost in 1994 , they 'll lose in 2010 again ... and this time it might take decades for them to regain any measure of control . Yes change is coming , the right kind of change . The change from liberal socialists to conservatives who will undo what went wrong .	You wish . I doubt that it shall be so .	disagree	sarc
These cells can not be anything or produce anything other than what they are ... in other words includes only the information to reproduce itself , ergo ... human skin DNA can not morph into liver DNA , so no fish forming legs , no apes flying planes or creating `` higher order '' intelligence .	So how do you explain the nylon bug ? It can do something its ancestors could not - for the very simple reason that it 's not the same as its ancestors .	disagree	sarc
Yet the very seat of Catholicism glorifies one of the absolute WORST offenders Explain .	Would it be the lawless Cardinal Law officiating at one of the funerary masses for JPII and otherwise serving in a prominent role in all the pomp and circumstance surrounding the pope 's death ?	agree	sarc
I ca n't think of any good reason to qualify the delivery of healthcare other than need for a physician . Where one lives or does n't live , makes no difference , and neither does the fact that a person has broken the law . Health care is a civil and human right in a democratic society .	Homeless , yes , as long as they 're legal residents . Illegal aliens , no . Health care is a civil right , but not a human one . There are no human rights .	disagree	sarc
It is horribly oppressive of women , though , to oppose both abortion and contraceptives . That means that women will have no control over their pregnancies at all .	What ? Women are being forced into having sex ?	disagree	sarc
Lack of a Natural Mechanism . Charles Darwin , in his Origin of Species , proposed Natural Selection to be the mechanism by which an original simple-celled organism could have evolved gradually into all species observed today , both plant and animal . Darwin defines evolution as `` descent with modification . '' However , Natural Selection is known to be a conservative process , not a means of developing complexity from simplicity . Later , with our increased understanding of genetics , it was thought perhaps Natural Selection in conjunction with genetic mutation allowed for the development of all species from a common ancestor . However , this is theoretical and controversial , since `` beneficial '' mutations have yet to be observed . In fact , scientists have only observed harmful , `` downward '' mutations thus far . Time Constraints . Both Creationists and Evolutionists agree that if evolution is at all possible , there needs to be an excessive ( if not infinite ) amount of time . For much of the 20th century , it was thought evolutionists had all the time they needed . If the earth ever looked too young for certain evolutionary developments to have occurred , the age was pushed back in the textbooks . In 1905 , the earth was declared to be two billion years old . By 1970 , the earth was determined to be 3.5 billion years old , and by the 1990 's , the earth had become 4.6 billion years old . However , Young Earth advocates have identified quite a few Young Earth chronometers in recent years . Currently , there are approximately five times more natural chronometers indicating a `` Young Earth '' than an `` Old Earth . '' Each discovery is a separate `` Limiting Factor '' that places a constraint on the possible age of the earth . For example , moon drift , earth rotation speed , magnetic field decay , erosion rates , chemical influx into the oceans , ocean salinity , etc , all constrain the possible age of the earth . Each Limiting Factor is distinct . If one were successfully challenged , there is still the problem of all the rest . Furthermore , there are Limiting Factors constraining the possible age of the universe , such as spiral galaxies where they 're maintaining their spiral shapes despite their centers spinning faster than their extremities .	You are incorrect when it comes to the age of the earth . All inidciation by all branches of science indicate an earth that is over 3 billion years old . ( aside from the lies of the Young earth creationism . Each and every one of those 'indications ' are based on misunderstandings and out right lies about science . A discussion about the various methods ( and where the YEC claims go wrong can be found at http : //www.talkorigins.org/faqs/faq-age-of-earth.html	disagree	notsarc
Voting on fundamental rights like marriage is fundamentally flawed in that it puts the rights of the minority up for the prejudice of the majority .	But same-sex marriage is NOT a fundamental right at this point . THAT 'S what up for vote in the first place . You are assuming the premise before the premise has even been decided . If a non-handicapped person gets mad because they are n't getting disability and others ' are , and those who prefer to protect disability try to do so by putting it to a vote , it 's pretty disingenuous for the non-handicapped person to say `` voting on fundamental rights like disability is fundamentally flawed '' . Disability may be a fundamental right for some people , but the issue is whether or not it is for ALL people .	disagree	notsarc
I have accurately defined what animism is above in comparison to the Old and New Testament which it has nothing in common with .	So you think that ID is actually Christanity ? [ quote ] But in usual fashion you will claim it is me who does n't understand when it is you who must corrupt the truth with the lies and distortions you tell .	disagree	sarc
Is there any reason to respond to this guy at all ? If we ignore him , maybe he 'll go away again .	What is the fun in that ?	neutral	sarc
Reading the opinions in McDonald v. Chicago , you might think it was as much a civil-rights case as a gun case . In the ruling , the Supreme Court decided 5–4 that the Second Amendment applies to states and localities , not just the federal government , and struck down Chicago’s handgun ban . The four conservative justices , along with Justice Anthony Kennedy , formed the majority . One of the conservatives , Clarence Thomas , also filed a concurring opinion . The main disagreement betwee the two opinions concerned whether the Fourteenth Amendment’s “privileges or immunities” clause or its “due process” clause is the best way for the Court to apply constitutional protections to state and local governments . But in the process of making their arguments , both opinions emphasize the racial history of the Fourteenth Amendment — the story of the post–Civil War South and the federal government’s crusade to ensure fair treatment for blacks therein . The heart of the problem was that , in an effort to stave off rebellion and maintain the racial caste structure that had developed under slavery , state and local governments refused to respect freedmen’s constitutional rights . Crucial to the South’s efforts were gun-control laws that applied to blacks and blacks alone . This does not show that modern gun controllers are racist , or even that the modern gun-control movement has “racist roots , ” as some have suggested — the concerns that motivate Sarah Brady are neither the same as nor descended from the concerns that motivated racist southern governments . But this does show that when a government has the ability to forbid gun ownership , it has the ability to render groups it dislikes helpless to defend themselves . Regardless of whether modern gun control accomplishes its purpose of reducing crime — and for the record , there is no evidence it does — a free society should fear a government with such power . The South’s campaign against black gun ownership , not surprisingly , began long before the Civil War . Two slave rebellions in the 1820s stoked whites’ fears , and in response , “many legislatures amended their laws prohibiting slaves from carrying firearms to apply the prohibition to free blacks as well , ” Thomas notes . Georgia forbade blacks to “own , use , or carry fire arms of any description whatever.” Florida empowered “patrol [ s ] ” of white citizens to “search negro houses or other suspected places , for fire arms” ; blacks caught with guns — whether slave or free — were brought to the “nearest justice of the peace” for “whipping on the bare back , not exceeding thirty-nine lashes.” ( They could escape punishment by providing a “plain and satisfactory” explanation . ) It wasn’t just blacks , but also anti-slavery whites , whom governments tried to disarm . For example , during the “Bleeding Kansas” period — a series of violent skirmishes in the 1850s between pro- and anti-slavery elements in that future border state — there were attempts to take guns from the “free-soilers.” As the majority opinion in McDonald notes , the 1856 Republican-party platform described this as a violation of the right to keep and bear arms . When the war ended , fear of rebellion peaked , and southern governments ramped up their efforts . Some states passed laws banning black gun ownership or gun carrying , and there was a “systematic effort” to disarm the freedmen who had served in the Union army and then returned to their homes in the South . Roving bands of ex–Confederate soldiers , many affiliated with the Ku Klux Klan , took arms from blacks by force while official law enforcement looked the other way . In South Carolina , a group of black citizens wrote the following to Congress : “We ask that , inasmuch as the Constitution of the United States explicitly declares that the right to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed . . . that the late efforts of the Legislature of this State to pass an act to deprive us [ of ] arms be forbidden , as a plain violation of the Constitution.” The problem wasn’t just that the laws were discriminatory , forbidding blacks but not whites to own guns — it was that the government had the right to ban gun ownership by the law-abiding at all . Even if the South had banned all gun ownership , disarmed blacks would have had to deal with the armed and racist “state militia and state peace officers , ” the justices note . They might have added that , without technically discriminating by race , the South could have used the techniques it later employed to keep blacks from voting — grandfather clauses , literacy tests , etc . — to exempt whites from facially non-discriminatory gun bans . ( We see a modern analogue to these policies in laws that prevent the poor from owning guns . It costs $ 340 , nonrefundable , just to apply for a gun permit in New York City , and the rich and famous seem to have a lower likelihood of being rejected . Also , the gun-control movement periodically goes after “Saturday-night specials” — that is , handguns cheap enough that the poor can afford them . ) It was gun-control laws — along with other laws that violated virtually every right blacks had — that led to the Fourteenth Amendment , which authorized the federal government to ensure that state and local governments respected citizens’ rights . The Freedmen’s Bureau Act of 1866 , passed just two years before the amendment was approved , made it clear that the right to keep and bear arms was an important right for freed blacks to have : “The right . . . to have full and equal benefit of all laws and proceedings concerning personal liberty , personal security , and the acquisition , enjoyment , and disposition of estate , real and personal , including the constitutional right to bear arms , shall be secured to and enjoyed by all the citizens . . . without respect to race or color , or previous condition of slavery.” Advocates of the Civil Rights Act of 1866 cited the disarmament of freed blacks as a reason the law was necessary . These laws , however , didn’t work . Southern governments refused to enforce them , and the Supreme Court — which was far less powerful then than it is today , anyhow — did not intervene . To drive the point home that the South had to respect blacks’ rights , including the right to bear arms , Republicans in Congress passed the Fourteenth Amendment ( they had the numbers to do this because they had refused to seat the Democrats the South had elected , many of whom were former Confederate soldiers ) , sent it to the states for ratification , put the former Confederate states under martial law via the Reconstruction Acts , and made their ratifying the amendment a condition of ending military rule . The Supreme Court’s decision gives Americans a lot to think about — from the “privileges or immunities” clause to the Court’s proper role in enforcing the Constitution . But whenever we discuss gun control , we need to remember that a government capable of gun control is capable of tyranny . Both the majority opinion and Thomas’s concurrence in McDonald — following in the steps of works such as Stephen P. Halbrook’s Securing Civil Rights — perform the crucial service of explaining how important that fact was in the wake of the Civil War .	So you see , Brady , you 're wrong again . The McDonald ruling was n't an issue of guaranteeing white men their ability to feel safe in the face of growing minority groups . Quite the opposite . The McDonald ruling was about striking against those with racist and evil intentions who would use the law to render innocent people helpless for no good reason . It was as much about protecting minorities from harm as anything .	neutral	notsarc
And all having a real , verifiable negative impact on society , which can not be said about gay marriage . Can we tone down the drama a little bit ?	For years I 've tried to get one of our resident gay members to debate me on that fact . To date , no takers . Want to step up ?	disagree	notsarc
So , you have no problem with the fact that this is abortion and was caused by god ?	answered above .	neutral	notsarc
So you claim not to know what my sources are ( why else would I have to provide them for you ? ) , but also claim to know that half of them are from blogs ? Not only are you logically inconsistant , you 're also wrong . I 'm talking about my four surveys from PubMed , the ones that yuou repeatedly tried to claim were from the UK wheras in fact they were all from the US . Remember ? Just for you , I 'll find them again . 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 . Various quotes - Guns are used to threaten and intimidate far more often than they are used in self defense . Most self reported self defense gun uses may well be illegal and against the interests of society . we find that criminal gun use is far more common than self-defense gun use . This result is consistent with findings from other private surveys and the National Crime Victimization Surveys Firearm self-defense is rare compared with gun crimes . A minority of home invasion crimes result in injury . Measures that increase the difficulty of forced entry or enhance the likelihood of detection could be useful to prevent these crimes . Although firearms are often kept in the home for protection , they are rarely used for this purpose . For full text of each report , just click the PubMed 'full text ' button on each page and follow links to PDFs .	And where is their source ?	disagree	notsarc
Actually its not sickening in any way . These kids are at risk and need to know the resources available to them to avoid realizing those risks . Frankly I thinik its a good idea to trot them around to agencies and organizations which they may need to interact with in the future . Knowledge can keep them out of deep trouble . Ignorance will not do so .	Actually , yes it is sickening .	disagree	notsarc
as they to Have the wrong hands	Whose hands do they have ?	neutral	sarc
Cone brought up a good point to me one time . He said that pro-choicers are scared of making abortion go on the ballot and scared of people knowing the truth .	Rarely has truth ever supported one side of a political movement .	agree	notsarc
My contention is this : since joining the forums , Chuz has posted ( 1 ) pro-life arguments based on the ( 2 ) initial assumption of `` the fact that a human individuals life biologically begins at conception '' .	1 . I consider my arguments to be `` anti-elective abortion '' not `` pro-life . '' And I would appreciate it if you would try to understand the differences between the two . `` Pro-lifers '' approach the abortion debate from an `` all life is sacred '' generally religious based point of view . I do not . I neither believe that `` all life is sacred '' nor that `` god '' or religion should be used in the debate at all . 2 . My argument that a `` human individual 's life biologically begins at conception '' is not an `` assumption . '' It 's is a conclusion reached by an indepth study of the facts and references available .	disagree	notsarc
That is not true you can believe in both . You can not believe in both if you believe in the literalness of the bible .	Well , why need Jesus then ? For salvation from sin . Well , where did this sin originate ? From Adam and Eve starting the fall of man from grace . Well , they never existed ...	disagree	notsarc
I also think it is noteworthy that the pro-life movement is really making a difference , if anything to hit the polls in elections and send the message that we are tired of a cheap view of life in this nation --	Funny , did n't hear them complaining about the Iraqis dying in the street . also they did n't seem to mind that the abortion rate which was declining under clinton has been raising under Bush ... maybe they 're not that bothered .	neutral	notsarc
They only need 1/4 of the legislature , so they 'll probably get that . But if it actually gets to the polls ? The conservatives took a big hit when they ran around screaming `` If gays get married society will collapse and we 'll all be doomed ! ! ! 11 ! 1 ! ! '' and then nothing happened . And of course the most organized group in Mass . opposing gay marriage is the Mass . Catholic church , and people are n't going to take kindly to a bunch of child rapers telling them what 's right and wrong . The anti-gay side really does n't have much to work with ; it 'll largely be a contest of good will and common sense vs. scare tactics , and the scare tactics have already been proven wrong .	This will be interesting . I 'm Keeping my fingers crossed .	agree	notsarc
You talk about the Fourteenth Amendment and again claim that gun control is racist . If gun control is truly racist then it 's a wonder that the courts in areas with strict gun control laws have n't been flooded with claims of violations of the Fourteenth Amendment 's equal protection clause . Funny how only a few people on an online message board have managed to figure this out .	Because the modern application of gun control is to target everyone . But that does n't change the fact that gun control began as a purely racist concept .	neutral	notsarc
Since posts are disappearing anyway , let me add a new one . Now we all know that I am made in the image and likeness of God and since God is perfect , that image and likeness must also be , as a logical consequence , perfect . To state less would mean that God is not perfect . So if I am the image and likeness of God , then either I am perfect or God is not .	think of it as a photocopy of a check for a million dollars . yes the copy is in the image and likeness of the original check , but it is not the check . you can not cash the photocopy , regardless of how accurate the copy is , it is not the check , only an image of it . that does n't mean anything is `` wrong '' with the original , and it doesnt mean that the copy has to have all the properties and function of the original . its just an image	disagree	notsarc
the laws of logic are non-material , universal , unchanging , and absolute	The logic we use to make statements about reality is derived from the way we observe material things behaving , and that logic is not immutable . Quantum physics demonstrates the fundamentally uncertain nature of reality at very tiny scales : the 'law of excluded middle ' in particular taking it firmly in the shorts . Given that logic can vary on such a simple metric as physical scale , your argument is starting to look more than a bit frayed at the edges	disagree	notsarc
The empire you defend is tyrannical . They are responsible for the death of millions .	Says a person from the only nation to have used a nuclear weapon in anger . You’re a young country , but you’re fast surpassing our death toll . I’d personally argue that in many cases the British Empire brought benefits to the nations involved . Some countries weren’t even conquered ...	disagree	sarc
That has nothing to do with acknowledging or not acknowledging facts .	You better read it again dude .	disagree	sarc
are you stalling for time ?	Of course .	agree	notsarc
Your stats are n't broken down into meaningful groups , so nothing is learned WRT Muslims .	No argument . But the thread start started with how Europe was going to be Arab due to all the non-Arabs having all these abortions - - well not that many of them are .	neutral	notsarc
I should n't know , its never happened to me .	Me neither . I do know it 's a funny thing to watch SS say such things despite having his own belief shot , bagged , tagged and buried	agree	sarc
Interesting insight on the matter , foundit . I find it strange that no anti-gay marriage proponent has responded yet .	I think there are some things they will habitually avoid discussing . After a while , even Archie realizes the claims he makes that are no-brainer false .	agree	notsarc
That you can not differentiate between ignorance and an unwillingness to be sucked into a battle of the facts against your cherrypicked denialism is no surprise . Mr Gore 's commentary is not germane to serious debate . While he is far more credible than Ben Stein , he is no more a climatologist than you are .	Show me where Ben Stein is quoted in these links or this debate at all . And disprove my evidence for once if you can rather than change the subject or derail the debate with snipes and off topic minutia . Are you actually suggesting that McIntyre and McKitrick are the only voices which oppose the fraud of man made global warming ? How about the actual scientists who reject the media promotion of this issue ? Here 's an excerpt : Climatologists Reject Media Claims of Global Warming Consensus `` [ i ] n November 2004 , German climatologist Hans von Storch , director of the GKSS Institute for Coastal Research ( IfK ) in Geesthacht , Germany , foresaw that claims of alarmist consensus would be made by nonscientists ... '' Environment & amp ; Climate News > August 2005 Environment Environment > Climate : Consensus Email a Friend Written By : Alan Caruba Published In : Environment & amp ; Climate News > August 2005 Publication date : 08/01/2005 Publisher : The Heartland Institute Leading climatologists spent the month of June fighting false proclamations from non-scientists claiming scientists have reached agreement that catastrophic global warming is occurring . Alarmists Claim Debate Over On June 1 , California Gov . Arnold Schwarzenegger ( R ) claimed `` the debate is over '' and global warming alarmists ' predictions had carried the day . The Natural Resources Defense Council on June 9 declared , `` The world 's leading scientists now agree that global warming is real and is happening right now . According to their forecasts , extreme changes in climate could produce a future in which erratic and chaotic weather , melting ice caps and rising sea levels usher in an era of drought , crop failure , famine , flood and mass extinctions . '' On June 13 , USA Today declared , `` The debate 's over : Globe is Warming . '' In support of its claim , the newspaper cited the positions of some left-leaning religious groups , some corporations who will reap a financial windfall from a switch to alternative fuel sources , and some politicians . Scientists Disagree While each of the above claims from non-scientists received significant media coverage , leading climatologists spent the month of June rebutting such proclamations . Atmospheric physicist S. Fred Singer , professor emeritus of environmental sciences at the University of Virginia and former director of the U.S . Weather Satellite Service , sent a letter to the editor of USA Today directly refuting its claim . `` Your editorial ... claim [ s ] the global warming debate is over . Not so , '' wrote Singer . Singer wrote , `` Sea level will continue to rise by only seven inches per century as it has for thousands of years no matter what we do or what the EPA [ U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ] says . And temperatures in the next 100 years will likely rise by less than one degree F -- not exactly a catastrophe . '' Added Singer in a subsequent letter to the Canadian media , `` Thousands of scientists from many countries now fully understand that Kyoto and other efforts to control human emissions of carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) are ineffective and entirely unfounded scientifically . `` Even if you ignore the enormous cost of Kyoto ( estimated recently by Prof. George Taylor of Oregon State University -- see http : //www.sitewave.net/news/s49p628.htm -- at one trillion U.S. dollars a year for full implementation in OECD countries ) , climate science research is rapidly moving AWAY from the hypothesis that the human release of greenhouse gases , specifically CO2 , is in any way significantly contributing to global climate change . '' Sun Called Primary Cause `` If we just look at the historical data , there is a scientific consensus that the global mean temperature has risen modestly during the twentieth century , '' said Myron Ebell , director of global warming and environmental policy at the Competitive Enterprise Institute . `` The impacts have been small and probably beneficial in aggregate . This historical data puts the onus of demonstration on those who think this gradual warming trend will accelerate and lead to dire consequences . '' The controlling driver of global temperature fluctuations , according to Dr. Benny Peiser of England 's John Moore 's University , is solar ray activity . `` Six eminent researchers from the Russian Academy of Science and the Israel Space Agency have just published a startling paper in one of the world 's leading space science journals . The team of solar physicists claims to have come up with compelling evidence that changes in cosmic ray intensity and variations in solar activity have been driving much of the Earth 's climate , '' Peiser was quoted as saying in the May 17 National Post . Moreover , reports Peiser , Jan Veizer , one of Canada 's top earth scientists , published a comprehensive review of recent findings and concluded , `` empirical observations on all time scales point to celestial phenomena as the principal driver of climate , with greenhouse gases acting only as potential amplifiers . '' Added Peiser , `` In fact , the explicit and implicit rejection of the 'consensus ' is not restricted to individual scientists . It also includes distinguished scientific organizations such as the Russian Academy of Science and the U.S. Association of State Climatologists , both of which are highly skeptical of the whole idea . `` Heartland Institute - Article And here 's more : Renowned Scientist Defects From Belief in Global Warming & # 8211 ; Caps Year of Vindication for Skeptics October 17 , 2006 October 17 , 2006 Washington DC - One of the most decorated French geophysicists has converted from a believer in manmade catastrophic global warming to a climate skeptic . This latest defector from the global warming camp caps a year in which numerous scientific studies have bolstered the claims of climate skeptics . Scientific studies that debunk the dire predictions of human-caused global warming have continued to accumulate and many believe the new science is shattering the media-promoted scientific & # 8220 ; consensus & # 8221 ; on climate alarmism . Claude Allegre , a former government official and an active member of France & # 8217 ; s Socialist Party , wrote an editorial on September 21 , 2006 in the French newspaper L'Express titled & # 8220 ; The Snows of Kilimanjaro & # 8221 ; ( For English Translation , click here : U.S. Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works ) detailing his newfound skepticism about manmade global warming . See : http : //www.lexpress.fr/idees/tribune ... asp ? ida=451670 Allegre wrote that the & # 8220 ; cause of climate change remains unknown & # 8221 ; and pointed out that Kilimanjaro is not losing snow due to global warming , but to local land use and precipitation changes . Allegre also pointed out that studies show that Antarctic snowfall rate has been stable over the past 30 years and the continent is actually gaining ice . & # 8220 ; Following the month of August experienced by the northern half of France , the prophets of doom of global warming will have a lot on their plate in order to make our fellow countrymen swallow their certitudes , & # 8221 ; Allegre wrote . He also accused proponents of manmade catastrophic global warming of being motivated by money , noting that & # 8220 ; the ecology of helpless protesting has become a very lucrative business for some people ! & # 8221 ; Allegre , a member of both the French and U.S. Academy of Sciences , had previously expressed concern about manmade global warming . `` By burning fossil fuels , man enhanced the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere which has raised the global mean temperature by half a degree in the last century , '' Allegre wrote 20 years ago . In addition , Allegre was one of 1500 scientists who signed a November 18 , 1992 letter titled & # 8220 ; World Scientists ' Warning to Humanity & # 8221 ; in which the scientists warned that global warming & # 8217 ; s & # 8220 ; potential risks are very great. & # 8221 ; See : Warning to Humanity Allegre has authored more than 100 scientific articles , written 11 books and received numerous scientific awards including the Goldschmidt Medal from the Geochemical Society of the United States . Allegre 's conversion to a climate skeptic comes at a time when global warming alarmists have insisted that there is a & # 8220 ; consensus & # 8221 ; about manmade global warming . Proponents of global warming have ratcheted up the level of rhetoric on climate skeptics recently . An environmental magazine in September called for Nuremberg-style trials for global warming skeptics and CBS News & # 8220 ; 60 Minutes & # 8221 ; correspondent Scott Pelley compared skeptics to & # 8220 ; Holocaust deniers. & # 8221 ; See : U.S. Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works & amp ; Scott Pelley And Catherine Herrick On Global Warming Coverage - Public Eye In addition , former Vice President Al Gore has repeatedly referred to skeptics as `` global warming deniers . '' This increase in rhetorical flourish comes at a time when new climate science research continues to unravel the global warming alarmists & # 8217 ; computer model predictions of future climatic doom and vindicate skeptics . 60 Scientists Debunk Global Warming Fears Earlier this year , a group of prominent scientists came forward to question the so-called & # 8220 ; consensus & # 8221 ; that the Earth faces a & # 8220 ; climate emergency. & # 8221 ; On April 6 , 2006 , 60 scientists wrote a letter to the Canadian Prime Minister asserting that the science is deteriorating from underneath global warming alarmists . & # 8220 ; Observational evidence does not support today 's computer climate models , so there is little reason to trust model predictions of the future & # 8230 ; Significant [ scientific ] advances have been made since the [ Kyoto ] protocol was created , many of which are taking us away from a concern about increasing greenhouse gases . If , back in the mid-1990s , we knew what we know today about climate , Kyoto would almost certainly not exist , because we would have concluded it was not necessary , & # 8221 ; the 60 scientists wrote . See : Open Kyoto to debate & # 8220 ; It was only 30 years ago that many of today 's global-warming alarmists were telling us that the world was in the midst of a global-cooling catastrophe . But the science continued to evolve , and still does , even though so many choose to ignore it when it does not fit with predetermined political agendas , & # 8221 ; the 60 scientists concluded.. : U.S. Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works : : Press Room : . So in conclusion , as the alleged science of evolution is based solely on pre-determined assumptions , so is the myth of Global Warming .	disagree	notsarc
So if everyone had a sign on them and a water pistol then would you be happier or does everyone need to have a gun ? Should everyone who has a gun have a sign as well ? Is the deterrent of a gun diminished without the sign ?	NO ONE HAS TO HAVE A GUN ! The point is is that the choice should be up to the individual . If a criminal thinks you are armed he will move on ( or he has a death wish )	disagree	notsarc
But now we get to the actual definition of science . To me at least , science is how knowledge is acquired , different possibilities , and objectively examining these possibilities as well as publishing them to the public for scrutiny . So basically science is the answer to the question of why or how . Why is it that when an apple is dropped , it goes towards the Earth ? How fast does it go ? When I drop it does it really speed up as it goes along ? These are all matters of science , so basically almost everything in the world can be considered science , which is why I believe philosophy is considered a branch of science .	We could go back and fourth several times carefully picking and choosing words and phrases to describe what we think science should be , and possibly not disagree all that much . But to focus on this debates resolution , we need to get to what science is in schools today - a murky combination of facts and theories . Considering what Stephen Grocott had to say ( in the copy/paste in my first post ) about the definition of science , I do n't think we 're going to get it any clearer than that . Which facts and theories are emphasized to students and which ones are not are determined by the worldviews of the teaching establishment . Scientific facts can be taught without the worldview of the teacher being a factor , but scientific theories can not . Also , emphasizing one fact or theory over another will most likely reflect the worldview of the teacher , or the curriculum determined by the teaching establishment . So in an imperfect world , it 's clear that not all of what is taught as science is actually objective and non controversial .	disagree	notsarc
How did you come to that conclusion ?	Identity , or personality . A fetus does n't have either . You need a mind to have either as well . Anyways . This entire thread is just being redundant . All you have to do is read any of the other threads on the subject and you 'll get your answers . Otherwise we 're just repeating the same things over and over again .	disagree	notsarc
Wonderful mumbo-jumbo I 'll agree . If that is the way you wish to order the events of evolution ( the process by which everything was formed ) then what exploded in the big bang ?	And infinitely dense sphere of spacetime/matterenergy ?	disagree	sarc
In short , I think this analogy needs to be reconsidered because of one important fact : a person who is brain-dead will never recover from that state no matter how much medical treatment is given , whereas an embryo who is `` brain-dead '' most certainly will fully recover from that state in a relatively short amount of time if left alone .	What you are talking about here is the *potential* to exist being important . I would personally also thinking that potential existence is important , but not nearly as important as an existing person . After all , unfertilized eggs and sperm also have the *potential* to become full people but no one is concerned about their loss . For many of us it is the actual mentally-existing person that is most important . For both the 'braniac '' case you present and for the early term fetus , if there is no reason to kill it , then do n't . However , if there is a contest between the rights of a living , existing person and the rights of either *potential* person , then I think the rights of the living person win out .	disagree	notsarc
Keeping porn legal and accessible on the internet , keep taxes high , keep abortion legal ... .keep people voting democrat . Send as many people to hell as possible .	The US is 3 trillion dollars in debt , abortion is not clear cut ( just visit a debate ) , and you appear to be stereotyping democrats . Also , you may need to read the first ammendment again . For your answer to work , people would have to agree with you first , then they would understand ( and agree with ) you .	disagree	sarc
the death penalty works . No convicted fellon excecuted by the state of Texas has evr gone on to kill again .	Capital Punishment and Deterrence : Examining the Effect of Executions on Murder in Texas . Authors John Sorenson , Robert Wrinkle , Victoria Brewer , and James Marquart examined executions in Texas between 1984 and 1997 . They speculated that if a deterrent effect were to exist , it would be found in Texas because of the high number of death sentences and executions within the state . Using patterns in executions across the study period and the relatively steady rate of murders in Texas , the authors found no evidence of a deterrent effect . The study concluded that the number of executions was unrelated to murder rates in general , and that the number of executions was unrelated to felony rates . ( 45 Crime and Delinquency 481-93 ( 1999 ) ) . Deterrence , Brutalization , and the Death Penalty : Another Examination of OklahomaÕs Return to Capital Punishment . In this study , author William Bailey speculated that if executions had a deterrent effect in Oklahoma , it would be observable by comparing murder rates and rates of sub-types of murder , such as felony-murder , stranger robbery-related killings , stranger non-felony murder , and argument-related killings , before and after the resumption of executions . Bailey examined the period between 1989 and 1991 for total killings and sub-types of killing . After controlling for a number of variables , Bailey found that there was no evidence for a deterrent effect . He did , however , find that there was a significant increase in stranger killings and non-felony stranger killings after Oklahoma resumed executions after a 25-year moratorium . ( 36 Criminology 711-33 ( 1998 ) ) .	neutral	notsarc
We 're off to quite a start , yes . When we `` extrapolate from the relativity intensities from the particular cells '' , we may have left the scientific world and entered the philosophical world . When we `` extrapolate '' , dictionary.com tells us that we ; `` infer ( an unknown ) from something that is known ; conjecture . '' and a conjecture is ; the formation or expression of an opinion or theory without sufficient evidence for proof . I 'm now slightly less confused about why I 've never seen this discussed before .	Inference is part of the scientific method -- probably the most important part , at that . Without it we would discover nothing , for we can prove very little to begin with . Bear in mind that `` proof '' is an extremely high standard . Proof is the level at which a proposition 's truth value is necessary ( ex : given how we define `` two , '' it is impossible for `` two '' to not be `` one '' plus `` one '' ) . Inference on the other hand is the only option outside of mathematics . With that in mind , the fact that we ca n't prove much of anything is more or less irrelevant ; what we can do is find lots and lots of supporting evidence and safely infer information from it .	neutral	notsarc
The difference in traits has nothing to do with mutations or new genes ... it has to do with gene expression ... ..	So you have genes for brown eyes and for blue eyes and for green eyes ? Chihuahuas have the genes to make them Great Danes ? Do the experiment , supersport . Do it . C'mon . Shut me up . I dare you . For someone always accusing `` Darwinists '' of never doing appropriate experiments , this is one you should have no problem doing . Hop to it . ( That 's your cue to run away and start a new thread . )	neutral	sarc
So how would you make a study that shows the benefits of gun ownership ? I don´t think there is any way to do this .	There have been several conducted by the department of justice .	disagree	notsarc
Oh well . At least from my studying it seems that the Christian worldview is not correct in any way , shape or form . But still , if anyone wants to convince me , please do .	What part of the Christian worldview ? A part of the Christian worldview says stealing is wrong , so you must mean stealing is good ? A part of the Christian worldview says rape is wrong , so you must mean rape is good ? A part of the Christian worldview says sexual immorality is wrong , so you must mean sexual immorality is good ?	neutral	sarc
ABC aired a special on the effectiveness of CCW on campus . They had a student take a concealed weapons class ( who had never fired a gun before ) . After the class , they put him in a classroom with 20 or so people dressed in protective gear and face shields . They armed him with a simunition pistol ( a pistol that fires non-lethal rubber projectiles used for training ) . In the middle of a simulated college `` instruction period '' , a police SWAT team member charged in and started shooting . This was to conduct an `` experiment '' to see if students carrying concealed weapons was an effective means of stopping a mass killer . Guess what happened ? When the `` shooter '' busted into the classroom , the armed `` student '' immediately went for his gun , got it tangled in his shirt tail , and was shot with a simunition round . The conclusion reached by ABC and `` proven '' was that CCW was ineffective in a mass shooting scenario . DUH ! ! ! What a surprise ! A complete novice with only three hours of basic firearms experience was instantly killed by the TRAINED POLICE OFFICER WITH 15 YEARS EXPERIENCE AS A SWAT TEAM MEMBER ! Yup . Having an experienced CCW holder who is familiar with modes of carry , clearing concealment garments during presentation , basic defensive firing positions , and has practiced extensively with his firearm go against an emotionally imbalanced , drug or alcohol affected , common shooter is n't a real test . You have to put a young , inexperienced , trainee with THREE WHOLE HOURS of firearms familiarity up against a DECORATED SWAT TEAM MEMBER . This is considered `` scientific proof '' that CCW is no good by ABC .	Well thank god they conducted a fair and balanced assessment . You know as there was no biased behaviour here . What they should do next time to make it more fair is to get a corpse and put a gun in their hand and then invite a Navy SEAL along to see if the corpse can use a firearm . How do people think of these tests ? Honestly ?	neutral	sarc
You will have to look at the big picture to understand my point .	My bet is I know more about it than you do . I am aware of the `` big picture '' because I know that evolutionary biology does n't apply the the origin of the universe . Please explain how the origin of the universe applies to genetic information . Why does a change in a population of organisms require an increase in information ?	neutral	sarc
or join the real world and become a free thinker . but do n't try to tell us evolution is wrong or has holes . its propsterious .	Actually , if you want to check , you will find that biologists themselves will point out the holes . We still have a lot to learn . Many of the holes have been closed even in my lifetime and the creationist god-of-the-gaps is being reduced to smaller and smaller gaps . But if you want a creationist to `` join the real world '' , you 're going to have to do more than be offensive and insulting . You might present some actual facts to support your position . Of course , I presume that you will actually educate yourself before presenting the facts . Have a nice day .	neutral	notsarc
Abortion today is used primarily as a birth control of convenience because people are too self-centered to take precautions .	This is just plain dumb . Abortion is NOT the primary means of birth control . If it is used as birth control , it 's because others have failed or have n't been tried .	disagree	notsarc
Ephraim is smitten , their root is dried up , they shall bear no fruit : yea , though they bring forth , YET I SLAY EVEN THE BELOVED FRUIT OF THEIR WOMB	And , God even gives Mary a choice as to whether or not she will bear the Son of God . Mary answers in Luke 1:38	neutral	sarc
It 's finally changed back . Hopefully it wo n't continue to go in this back and forth forever . Fourth change in 8 years .	I think it is really sad that the darwinists have gotten their religion back into the public schools of Kansas . I hope this gets changed soon .	neutral	notsarc
I hope not . People who do nothing more than speak the truth today are called professional a -- holes all of the time . I am called an industrial strength a -- hole . Always speak the truth and confront evil where you find it .	A lot more truth to this statement that a person would think . My statement was in jest , but somewhat true . Yes , the jurors could not vote on concrete evidence , but just how much circumstantial evidence do jurors need anyway ? To quote the mighty TS , if it looks like a duck , walks like a duck , quacks like a duck , craps like a duck , at what point does it become a duck ? ?	agree	sarc
If you understood his word you would know about them .	Well , if you make the argument that if someone took the time to write it , it must be true I 'm totally convinced ! Good job on failing to provide a shred of actual evidence to show that God actually changed the laws of physics . By the way , if I 'm so dishonest about your claims making God a liar , why have you outright refused to explain your original argument ? `` Archangel , if you think you are so right , where is the evidence that the physical laws dictating how light behaves in a medium has changed in the past ? '' No reply . `` So God deceived us by creating a system that today works as we know it in a way that refutes Literal Creationism and has absolutely no evidence of being different at any time in the past but secretly made the named light sources abide to his secondary set of physical laws which he then removed from creation without a trace . '' How does that not make God an epic liar ? '' No reply . `` I 'm betting you do n't even understand your original argument . Prove me wrong . Explain how it does not result in God being a liar. `` No reply . I seriously doubt you even understand the original argument you gave especially since you cited a website that argued against YEC because it forces God to have deceived us either in the Bible or the natural world . Note that Birden said this : `` If they go the # 1 route , then they must defend against the 'God is a deceiver ' argument . If they go the # 2 route , then ( by invoking the miraculous ) they have effectively shut the science classroom door on the teaching of creationism . '' I see you lack the intellectual guts to deal with # 1 , and instead went for # 2 on the grounds if Bible says = True ! The problem is that you remove your argument from the realm of actual science and rely entirely upon Magic and the Supernatural . Neither of which are testable or teachable in the science classroom . Where have I ever claimed to be a Christian ? More lies from the Lie Factory . Besides if such miracles happened , why is there no physical evidence left from the change in the physical laws ? Oh wait I forgot . You ca n't answer actual science questions that rely upon empirical evidence . If the Bible says so therefore it is true ! Obviously SOMEONE took the time to write it , therefore it HAS to be true !	disagree	sarc
If you were really serious about learning how it works , you would have gone and read about it . It is not our job to educate you . The information is all out there . If you want to agrue against something , do like I did with the bible ... read it first .	It 's even worse than that . He is n't asking for info on how it works ; if he was I would supply it gladly . He claims to already know that it 's wrong , which implies that he thinks he knows what it 's about . But despite already knowing what carbon dating is , he still needs someone here to provide an explanation before he can present his `` proof '' that it 's incorrect . As Akbar says , `` It 's a trap ! ''	neutral	notsarc
The Jews do n't take it litterally . St. Augustine did n't take it litterally . Catholics do n't take it litterally . Where exactly did you get the text from ? Who told you to take it litterally and what makes them any authority ?	The bible tells me to take it litterally . What more authority do I need to follow ?	neutral	notsarc
You 're kidding me ! You are actually comparing a buying a car to an abotion ? That 's hardly equal ! If someone regrets killing their child , then yeah why should they deny that to someone else when it could be positive for them ? ! Give me a break !	But that 's the argument you were presenting . The use of `` car '' is really irrelevant . You can substitute `` buying a car '' with any activity that one might engage in where they could later view it as positive or negative . The point is , you are attempting to use someones negative emotional view to argue aganist something that can be a positive experience for others . I was attempting to point out that yes , while you are entitled to have an opinion and share that opinion with everyone , this does not give you the right to determine what is right for others . If you find abortion to be that objectionable , great ... do n't ever have one . But do not try to use 1 persons negative viewpoint of abortion to tell others what they may or may not do . I am willing to bet that for every person you find who regrets their abortion that you would be able to find one person who found their abortion to be the right choice for them . Oh , and in case you missed my request ... could you please give the number of the Planned Parenthood clinic that you called so the rest of us could listen to it ?	neutral	notsarc
Now settle down charlie , and try to think rationally , just for a second . Have you ever heard of a tumor growing into a sentient life form as a fetus does ? I 'd appreciate a link documenting such an occurrence so we pro-lifers can start planning save the tumor rally 's .	So we should wait till the blastocyst is definitely a tumour , in case it turns into a fetus ?	neutral	sarc
1 . We know there is such a thing as intelligent design : we do it ourselves .	I think that you are correct in this assumption , but since you do not define either 'intelligent ' or 'design ' , I can not be certain that we are not already at cross-purposes .	neutral	sarc
Show me just ONE person anywhere who will admit that the environment working on individuals can give the illusion of populational adaptation or even long-term evolution . Show me one person who admits that a simple environmentally-induced phenotype could mislead paleontologists who dig up fossils .	Maybe you could show us evidence that your assertion of the `` illusion '' of adaptation and long term evolution has been observed . The burden of proof is on you , my dear .	disagree	sarc
This is what evolutionists believe to make a long story short ( and tell me if this is real science ) : nothing + nothing = two elements + time = 92 natural elements + time = all physical laws and a completely structured universe of galaxies , systems , stars , planets , and moons orbiting in perfect balance and order !	Evolutionists do not likely believe we started with nothing nor with two elements nor do they believe that combining elements with time created physical laws or anything else metioned . The author here either does not believe this and is intentionally misrepresenting his opponents , or he is grossly misinformed about evolution , or both .	neutral	notsarc
Up to now , still billions of people in the world believe in his lies ! !	1.3 billion people believe the lies of the Chinese government .	neutral	notsarc
Teaching students to be responsible !	Ok , I 'll bite . How do you teach responsability by taking away a civil right ? Will they be able to own guns if they are taking a civics class ? How about a constitutional law class ? Maybe next they can prohibit athletes from owning a Crucifix or Star of David .	neutral	sarc
I 'm pro-choice , but to say that having an abortion should not or will not effect EITHER parent is callous . You 'll , most likely , ( at minimum ) wonder regretfully what could have been . Choice in abortion is n't a small choice , like whether to wear a blue or black suit ( and should n't be ) . Nonetheless , it is and should be a tough choice that only the woman who must carry the child can make .	Could not agree more .	agree	notsarc
Just a word of advice . If you stopped doing all those stupid things with font size and color some people , me included , might give your posts more serious consideration . If you need to be `` clever '' in your presentation to get your point across then your point ca n't be all that well formulated .	-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - First of all ... . I agree , in retrospect , that the font size was too large in this particular post ... Therefore , I have changed it . Second ... . I thought the content was more important , than the font size . THIRD ... ... WHAT COLOR are you talking about the original post ? ? ? Forth ... .. What is it with your attitude ? It would have been nice if you had just sent me a private message INSTEAD . This would have been appreciated . Because it is not my intent to have people NOT read the post due to font size problems . Fifth ... .. You have a problem with larger font sizes & amp ; color ? ? ? Maybe write to 4fourmns and tell them they should remove the color & amp ; font options ! ! ! !	neutral	notsarc
this is my favorite one- 2e . Human beings should not be discriminated against because of their place of residence .	Mizmaxx -- Can you honestly tell me that you do not believe this statement ? Or are you advocating the discrimination of human beings based upon their place of residence . This is actually , in my opinion , one of Mr. Alcorns strongest points . However , it is based upon the premise that a fetus is a 'human being ' which is not established by law .	disagree	notsarc
I did n't like that phrase `` evolution is all that is '' , but made an assumption as to your intent ( I 'm assuming that `` evolution has operated to create the diversity of species without the intervention or guidence of a creator '' and I voted accordingly .	Really ? Is it the materialist evolutionary theory that you believe in ?	neutral	notsarc
But you can not prove a negative . Which is also why you wo n't be able to prove that creationism is wrong , and why we ca n't prove evolution is wrong .	Completely wrong . One CAN prove a negative by showing that it is self contradictory ( ie a square circle ) . Also , proving a positive claim WRONG is not the same as proving a negative claim correct . In that sense , theories most definitely CAN be proven wrong , as Creationism has . The predictions which Creationism makes were false . It was dismissed a long time ago .	disagree	notsarc
To quote Scott Adams : WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU ! ! ! ! ? ? ?	Actually to an anti-gunner than equilivant slander and propagada is perfectly logical . Please see how the NRA is equated with the KKK by an anti-gunner : `` In an animated history send-up , with the narrator talking rapidly , Bowling equates the NRA with the Klan , suggesting NRA was founded in 1871 , `` the same year that the Klan became an illegal terrorist organization . '' Bowling goes on to depict Klansmen becoming the NRA and an NRA character helping to light a burning cross . '' http : //www.liberalvalues.org.nz/arch ... e_fiction.html	disagree	notsarc
What did we have when we first took the dogs to the environment ? Dogs ( varying in hair sizes ) . What did we get after a short amount of time ? Dogs ( only the long hair size ) . There is no evolution occuring here , we had dogs before , dogs after .	What bible tract did you get that from . Evolution does not require that dogs turn into something else . That is a strawman .	disagree	sarc
Why am I not surprised neither Arch or Marc will post here ?	Well let 's see , from your `` EvC Forum '' link ;	neutral	notsarc
What a broad reaching generalization you have made . Since you are in the habit of naming logical fallacies , you should like this ... You are committing the fallacy of hasty generalization as well as the fallacy of using an unrepresentative sample . This is very disturbing for one who seems to have a handle on his logical fallacies . But kudos must be given out to you as you have managed to commit two fallacies in one sentence .	Actually no , Duo has not . If you had ever bothered to read any previous posts by Duo in THIS forum you would ALREADY know he explained this assertation multiple times . You are once again making assumptions .	disagree	sarc
`` If it ( the town ) accepts your terms of peace and surrender , then all of its inhabitants shall serve you inslavery . '' - Deut . 20:11	Read the entire verse and do n't edit out parts of it . `` When you march up to attack a city , make its people an offer of peace . If they accept and open their gates , all the people in it shall be subject to forced labor and shall work for you . If they refuse to make peace and they engage you in battle , lay siege to that city . '' Hmmmm ... death or slavery . Wow , that 's a hard choice .	disagree	notsarc
It 's not about how she treated cops . It 's about how cops treated her as an American citizen with rights .	An American citizen with rights AND RESPONSIBILITIES ! ! ! There is no right in the constitution that allows her to be a jerk who breaks the law with impunity and then refuses to cooperate with the cops who are responsible for public safety .	disagree	sarc
MEDICAL FACT : On the fiftieth day the embryo begins to form into a human fetus .	Wrong .	disagree	sarc
http : //dictionary.reference.com/browse/baby Already proven wrong and you just joined ... .	Ah , so the dictionary is the ultimate authority ? And all the way down to the 5th definition no less ? New name for you : `` Dictionary boy . '' Thanks for demonstrating that you really are nothing but a sophist ( Go look THAT up in your precious dictionary ) .	disagree	sarc
Care to post a link ? Because I googled `` Vitter admits to adultery '' and came up with zero results about this story . And can you show where he is a fundamentalist christian and not just a conservative Republican ? And I find it very hypocritical how frenzied your side can become at his admitted personal sin when in regards to your own personal values system adultery is n't considered sinning at all . If he admitted to sodomy , would you also make an issue of that which you consider totally normal activity ? And ca n't you see the hypocricy and double standard by throwing such stones in the face of seeking acceptance of your lifestyle ? If I were to put myself in your place , would n't it have made more sense to attempt to justify his actions as a non issue in order to show that we are all alike and criticizing any sexual standards of right and wrong is damaging to the human condition ? Again , I ask , where is the consistency in your thinking ?	You do n't get it do you ? `` our side '' has never said we where above these things . Your side takes the `` moral highground '' they set up a standard of being holier then thou . There is no hypocrisy in pointing out those who ca n't live up to the standard they set for themselves or would legally force upon the rest of us . The problem is that your side has made sex evil and dirty and our side is just pointing that out to you . BTW here is your link http : //www.365gay.com/Newscon07/07/071007vitter.htm http : //news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20070710/ ... itter_dc_madam http : //www.google.com/search ? hl=en & amp ; c ... ss & amp ; btnG=Search	disagree	sarc
`` Our main agenda is to have all guns banned . We must use whatever means possible . It does n't matter if you have to distort facts or even lie . Our task of creating a socialist America can only succeed when those who would resist us have been totally disarmed . '' `` Our task of creating a socialist America can only succeed when those who would resist us are totally disarmed . ''	People that are willing to make up such quotes would probably also be willing to make up such a memo .	neutral	sarc
But the training material does not have the honesty to inform docents about these resources . For example , the Guide’s resource list includes the National Academy of Sciences’ Teaching about Evolution and the Nature of Science ( 1998 ) , but it does not include any creation books , such as Dr. Jonathan Sarfati’s Refuting Evolution , which ably demolished the bad logic of the book .	Hmm , I wonder why that is ?	neutral	sarc
The Silent Scream is full of inaccuracies , as this link demonstrates ... http : //www.plannedparenthood.org/abo ... lentscream.HTM	Consider the source ... Planned Parenthood is far from an objective source . For example : From PP site ... `` Claim : Many women who have an abortion suffer severe and lasting psychological damage . Expert Opinion : Serious emotional problems following abortion are uncommon . Most women report a sense of relief , although some may experience temporary depression . Serious psychological disturbances after abortion occur less frequently than after childbirth. `` I know 2 women , both had abortions 30 years ago and they both regret it every day . A lot of their other `` expert opinions '' were nothing more than pro-abortion spin .	neutral	notsarc
I assume you are referring to the first entry on the page . Then you are as ignorant as all the `` religious '' people you mock .	And your not beef , your bull XXXX .	neutral	sarc
There is no reason to perpetuate these harms . I have heard many arguments opposed to same-sex marriage , but there is not even one of them that justifies these harms . In fact , I would even say that there is not one argument against same-sex marriage that makes logical sense at all . Thus , even if same-sex marriage brought no benefits , there would be no reason to keep it illegal ; a free and equal society does not deny rights or benefits to anyone , unless it has a very good reason to . And there just is n't any reason to deny rights and benefits to same-sex couples .	Well , its not just morally wrong in America , but its morally wrong in the middle east as well . And i think that if we continue our way downward morally as a nation , it would give terrorists even more hate for america because we are supposedly a `` christian nation '' and dont live morally . anyways .	neutral	notsarc
I happen to be a theology and philosophy major .	Well , that explains the scientific illiteracy but it does n't explain the bizarre theology and the weak understanding of philosophy .	neutral	sarc
I do n't suppose any evolutionist have realized that all the evidence for evolution is also evidence for ID . They often talk about the mountains of irrefutable evidence , but the fact that the sun rose and set every day was evidence for the sun orbiting the earth , but it 's also evidence for the earth spinning . Likewise all the evidence for evolution can be condensed into one statement `` life forms are similar to other life forms '' , This is predicted by the intelligent design hypothesis as well . Direct evidence for ID that would not support evolution would be irreducibly complex biology , direct evidence for evolution that would not support ID would be more than just adaptation , it would have to be original useful DNA , or a simulation showing that coherent structure can be achieved without intelligent design by randomization and elimination .	The fact that the sun rises every day is not evidence for the sun orbiting the Earth , this effect is seen because of the rotation of Earth . ToE does not state that `` life forms are similar to each other '' . Direct evidence for ID/Creationism has never been established so there is no reason to suppose it to be true . Direct evidence for allele frequency change is freely available for all to see . You also need to define original , useful DNA . 4/10 . See me after class .	disagree	sarc
Of course , we also need to note that the rise and fall of abortion rates are not necessarily linked to who is president at the time .	Clinton gave access to b/c which is known to prevent pregnancies . Bush has reduced access to b/c ( including e/c ) . A primary reason for aborting is money - Americans have been less well off under Bush .	neutral	notsarc
All they are really pressing for is basically for kids parents to tell their kids AT HOME that god guided evolution without it contrasting directly with what the kids are being taught at school . Personally , I see no problem with this , as long as they stick to the facts in any case . Just glanmcing over the proposed changes , I am not seeing anything that is factually incorrect .	But that is how creationism works - half truth . Evolution is a theory but do n't make it quite clear that in science the word theory does n't mean half-assed guess , as it does in creationism . Check out that little piece of **** that was added to the bottom of the Patterns of Cumulative Change paragraph on page 7 . That is pure YEC . And you are n't a YEC ?	disagree	sarc
Regarding the stars , I have a thought . We measure the distance of stars in light years , then try to predict their age . Perhaps when measuring the distance , that 's all we get is distance- not actual `` time '' , or age . If this were true it would explain the difference between the `` old '' and `` new '' earth theory .	Sandy suppose you lived in New York and knew it was 3000 miles between California and New York Now suppose there was a car that was parked in your driveway that you also knew had been driven from California and that car had a maximum speed of 100 miles per hour . That would of course mean it would have taken at least 30 hours to make the drive . Do you see how you could deduce that the car was at least 30 hours old ? That’s the same principle used for dating the stars and the universe . If we know how far away a star is and we know the maximum speed of light , then the star must be at least as old as the time it would take for the light to get to the earth so we could see it .	neutral	notsarc
why the comparison of gun owners yo violent killers and serial rapists ? What law have I broken ? Since we are doing comparisons your anti-freedom agenda is very similar to the bazi gun control laws of the 1930s , it is like the jim crow laws of the US . Your agenda is one of racism . This is insulting , ignorant , and shows your true colors as an enemy of freedom .	It 's called an analogy . The article claimed that the relationship between homosexuals and discrimination and between gun owners and discrimination is the same because the discrimination in both cases is because of `` who they are . '' Thus , I extended this analogy so that the relationship between gun owners and discrimination and between serial racists and discrimination is the same because the discrimination in both cases is because of `` who they are . '' The analogy that I made was not comparing gun owners to serial rapists , but rather , it was comparing the relationship of the two groups with discrimination . And what is your deal with lunatic fringe leftie ? Antigun laws are clearly not a fringe view , or gun control laws would not have been passed in Congress . You can hardly call the views lunatic . I doubt any doctor would agree that a person with liberal views regarding gun control is mentally insane . My anti-freedom agenda ? What the hell are you talking about ? Are you an anarchist ? That 's the only way to have 100 % freedom . The fact that government exists means that there are restrictions . So unless you are an anarchist , I can call you anti-freedom as much as you call me anti-freedom . The question is the degree to which government should restrict freedoms , and that is not an obvious question to answer . Can you please explain how my views on gun control reveal that I 'm racist . Have I proposed a law which would restrict gun usage for only a certain race ?	disagree	notsarc
It is rather disrespectful but do n't think it is limited to one side . Most protestors on both sides are n't great .	I agree that during debate of an issue like this both sides can get pretty nasty . However , you would be hard-pressed to find a place where those that are choice are screaming in your face , interrupting your personal life on an already hard day like this .	neutral	notsarc
I would call a fossil that had both reptillian and avian features a strange creature that God created at the beginning of time .	Exactly , there is absolutely no evidence that biologists could show you that would make you think , `` hey that would count of as transitional . Why ? Because you have already accepted your previous convictions and closed your mind to anything new . How about doing what Porky Pine asked and giving us your definition of a transitional form ? If you have spent any time at University , you should know that references older than 10 years should n't be used . Science has usually progressed sufficiently in this time , so that the information in the older articles/books , probably contains errors or invalid information . Scientists contradict each other all the time ? It 's the first step in finding correct answers . New hypotheses are proposed and tested , observations made etc and falsified ideas are discarded . It 's what makes it work .	neutral	sarc
They have no imagination or sense of reason that allows them to create as we do so easily . After millions of years of so called evolution they are still monkeys and science is impressed that they have learned to use a stick to reach into an ant hill . What they ignore is that they learned to do that a thousand generations ago . Nothing new since then though where as Humanity has built up the World and conquered the Air , Sea and Space in that time .	But wait , you said that science is unprovable . How did we build up the world , conquer the air , sea and space without unprovable science ? !	neutral	sarc
Oh .	Why are you surprised ? Raising the bar is a known tactic .	neutral	notsarc
On the bright side , at least you 're right about being an unfit parent . I recommend that after you have done away with your current child that you avoid reproducing in the future .	But procreation is so much fun Even better without protection Only drags when your belly pouches With wrist chained to little tikes	neutral	sarc
It 's interesting how Peddler avoided discussing OR 's point that shows Peddler 's real goal . Ingoring something wo n't make it go away .	Thanks Duo . peddler , how about you actually address the points I put to you originally ? `` Off course , you might be trying to infer that because there are differences of opinion in the field of evolution makes the whole notion irrelevant . I disagree , but if you insist we will examine differences in opinion between different groups within , lets see ... ... ... how about Christianity ? Do they make the whole religion completely rejectable ? '' Cheers	neutral	notsarc
Humans have an average life expectancy of 70-75 years with a maximum of around 120 . But what happens if a man marries his first cousin ? It has been shown that life expectancy of such offspring diminishes by 10 years . This is because of the large number of genetic mistakes that happen within the genome – which essentially ages the individual .	How about the individual 's offspring ? Is a `` subtract 10 years '' gene encoded in the genome just because of one marriage ? Still no evidence .	neutral	notsarc
Brooklyn , New York ( VBS.TV ) -- On January 22 , 2006 , the New York Times reported that all foreign journalists were being banned from Pakistan 's tribal areas , which has been called `` the most dangerous place in the world . '' A week before that , the CIA fired missiles remotely from a Predator aircraft into the Waziristan tribal area . They were hoping to eradicate a bunch of al Qaeda operatives . Instead , they killed 18 women and children . One week before that , I arrived in Pakistan to visit Darra Adamkhel , the massive open-air market located deep in the tribal areas , where a frighteningly high percentage of Islamic holy warriors goes to buy their guns . Gaining access to the tribal areas was next to impossible . It took months of pre-planning with the consul general of Pakistan in Montreal and top officials in Peshawar . They repeatedly denied us entry because , according to them , the Pakistani Army had too many `` sensitive operations '' going on in that region . Without my personal advantage ( a family friendship with the governor of the Northwest Frontier Province ) , we never would have gotten in . The government assigned me and my team a political agent named Naeem Afridi . He was born and raised in the tribal areas . He took care of us while we were there , and he was a godsend . You ca n't do anything in this part of the world without someone like Naeem . Our driver stopped at a security point just outside the town center , where we were introduced to the Frontier Agency militia , six angry-dad-looking guys with AKs and sidearms . They became our personal bodyguards , and followed us through the tight warren of gun shops and factories , barren little brick rooms where upward of 1,000 guns are manufactured every day . Most of the work is done by hand . The vendors are Pashtuns , who are basically the toughest people in the world . They comprised the majority of the mujahideen who kicked the Soviets out of Afghanistan in the late '80s . These days , the town is rumored to be completely overrun by the Taliban . They purchase the guns , then cross the border to fight the U.S. army in Afghanistan , or they drive through the mountains to the south to fight the Pakistani army . This summer , I went back to Pakistan , and found that the fuse on this powder keg has become even shorter . The Pakistani army has surged more troops into the tribal areas , attempting to eradicate the Taliban and al Qaeda . The U.S. and British troops are attempting to do the same thing on the other side of the border in Afghanistan . Meanwhile , Pakistan itself has seen violence spread to its major urban centers , where extremists have been detonating bombs and taking over police stations . But at the same time , there is a cultural explosion taking place , a vibrant art scene and metal and rock bands popping up everywhere . The whole situation has become ultra charged by the fact that there are tons of news channels operating uncensored by the insanely corrupt government . For Pakistan , it 's a volatile , turbulent , and fascinating moment in time .	So ... what was all that bull**** about terrorists exploiting America 's `` weak gun control laws '' in order to amass arsenals of deadly weapons ? It seems to me that they do n't need undercover operatives to come to America , forge documents and undergo background checks just to get civilian weapons . They 've got their own arms manufacturing plants over there , they can make whatever they need or want .	neutral	notsarc
This is so inane I dont know where to start . Firstly - If there existed an armed forces capable of destroying the US military , then an armed civilian population would be absolutely no barrier to them . Secondly - There is no single nation on earth that can move 200,000,000 men . Thirdly - How exactly do you propose China get its men to the USA ? Are they going to use their secrect commie teleporting machines ? There is no chance for them to cross the oceans , or deploy either north or south of the USA .	Yes that is a problem . But there is an instance when the 2nd Amendment did protect the USA from invaders : `` Someone at the table asked a Japanese admiral why , with the Pacific Fleet devastated at Pearl Harbor and the mainland US forces in what Japan had to know was a pathetic state of unreadiness , Japan had not simply invaded the West Coast '' - http : //www.backwoodshome.com/articles2/ayoob70.html If it was n't for the 2nd Amendment you would be speaking Japanese if you live on the West coast , German if you live on the East coast .	neutral	notsarc
T.Q. , why oh why did you supply this resource ? You 've given Marc9000 a confession from his opponent ! Now everyone will know Marc was right all along -- that there is an atheist science conspiracy .	Uh-oh ... Pay no attention at all to the man behind the curtain !	neutral	sarc
Once upon a time , a man killed another man with a tire iron . We 've simply got to ban tire irons ... and bats ... and hatchets ... and knives ... and scissors ... and sharp pencils ... and plastic bags ... and nail clippers .	Your love of assumption is quite amusing ( it also highlights your inability to argue honestly ) . All I did was point out that accidents are a cause of injuries and fatalities dealing with firearms . Nowhere did I suggest banning them in the slightest . Furthermore , I specifically noted that most of the accidents were due to improper gun safety . So how about you take the stick out of your XXX and stop assuming whatever the **** you want for a change ? You are a joke Isly . About time you admit it .	neutral	sarc
Social darwinism is anti-darwinian , because natural selection does not work at the level of social classes ,	** As above , 'social classes ' are 'populations ' , and modern darwinian evolution focuses entirely on the 'evolution ' of 'populations ' , NOT individual organisms . Neo-Lamarkian theory focuses on individual , internally driven effort , instead of inherited advantage , which is the be-all and end-all of Darwinism , and of modern economic and political social theory . Just as it has always been .	disagree	notsarc
Gun registry has been a failure	THE ONLY QUESTION ABOUT GUN REGISTRATION by Alan Korwin Dear Editor , Only one thing is overlooked in the common-sense proposals to register guns , so here it is . How exactly would writing down my name , or your name , help arrest criminals or make you safer ? Although at first blush , gun listing has a sort of tantalizing appeal , on reflection you have to wonder whether gun lists would be an instrument of crime control at all . The unfortunate answer is that , no matter how good it feels when the words first pass your ears , registering honest gun owners does n't stop criminals , and in fact focuses in exactly the opposite direction . It is an allocation of resources that has no chance of achieving its goal , if that goal is the reduction of crime . 1 . Registering 70 million American households is extremely expensive . Do you know what it takes to run a database that big ? You need 19,000 changes daily , just to keep up with people who move every ten years . Floor after floor of cubicle after cubicle for employees with permanent jobs , payroll , parking and dry cleaning bills . It 's a government jobs program all by itself , all in the common sense -- but deceptive name -- of stopping crime . How many criminals do you figure will register when all is said and done ? That 's right , none , and the planners know that . All that money and time , invested on tracking the innocent . That 's why so many police departments are against it -- they 'll be forced to run huge data centers with their limited resources , and hire clerks instead of cops . 2 . Americans who fail to register would become felons without committing a crime . Under registration , activity that is a common practice and has been perfectly legal since inception makes you a felon . Think about that . Possession of private property would subject you to felony arrest , if the property is n't on the government 's master list . Boy , that does n't sound like the American way . No other evil is needed , there is no victim and no inherent criminal act takes place . Paperwork equals prison . That 's just wrong . 3 . Registration , if enacted , will create an underground market for unregistered guns bigger than the drug trade . How many times must an elite forbid what the public wants , before learning the unintended consequences of outlawing liberties ? People get what they want either way , it 's just a question of how much crime the government itself forces to accompany it . With respect to guns , the last thing you want to encourage is the creative import programs and price supports that drug dealers enjoy , for gun runners . 4 . People have said to me , `` But Alan , if all guns were registered and there was a crime , then you could tell . '' Tell what ? If your neighbor is shot , that 's not probable cause to search everyone with a matching caliber in a ten-block radius . The evidence needed to conclusively link a person to a crime has no connection at all to a registration plan -- you need motive , opportunity , witnesses , physical evidence , the murder weapon . Police are n't waiting for official lists so they can start catching murderers . Gun registration schemes lack a crime prevention component . 5 . You do n't really think authorities would use gun registration lists to confiscate weapons from people , do you ? Despite real-life examples recently of exactly that in New York , California and Louisiana , and global history for the past century , this could n't really happen , do you think ? Who would even support such a thing in a country like America , with its Bill of Rights ? The guarantees against confiscating property , unwarranted seizures and the right to keep and bear arms would surely forestall any such abuse of power . Are there really U.S. politician who would support firearm seizures ? ( Unfortunately , it 's a long list of usual suspects . ) And what about the so-called First Amendment test ? If it 's OK for arms it must pass muster for words too . Why would an honest writer object to being on the government list of approved writers ? Why indeed . Pile logic on logic , some people just feel the government should register everything , just to keep control . When government has that much control , you no longer possess your liberties . You 're living where government lists define who can do what , and where people control trumps crime control -- the gun registration model precisely . This form of `` gun control '' is n't about guns , it 's about control . I might favor registration if the system would include criminals . In fact , I 'd favor testing the system on them first . But the U.S. Supreme Court , in a widely known case ( Haynes v. U.S. , 1968 ) , had determined that a felon who has a gun can not be compelled to complete such forms , because it violates the Fifth Amendment right against self incrimination . That 's right , mandatory registration -- not in your case of course but in the case of a criminal -- is a self-indictment of a crime , and is therefore prohibited . * Gun listing is a feel-good deception that passes unquestioned by the `` news '' media , engorges the federal or state bureaucracy , and undercuts the linchpins of American freedoms . It has no more place in a free society than a government authorized list of words , and should be rejected outright . Elected officials who promote such a scheme are opposing the very Constitution they take an oath to preserve , protect and defend , and deserve to be removed from office . Sincerely , Alan Korwin , Author Gun Laws of America * NOTE : This case only concerned a limited class of weapons , `` destructive devices , '' which are listed and tracked in a special federal registry under the National Firearms Act . Congress rewrote that law after Haynes to require only the legal transferor , and not the transferee , of such devices to file papers , and along with other clever changes this overcame the 5th Amendment problem . In U.S. v. Freed , 1971 , the Court agreed the problem had been fixed ( for possession of hand grenades by criminals in that particular case ) . A general registration scheme would run into a greater problem . A prohibited possessor can not have a firearm at all , so mere possession is a serious crime . An additional charge for failing to register the gun that ca n't be possessed would offend the 5th Amendment the same as in the Haynes case . However , possession of an unregistered gun by an ordinary citizen would turn that citizen into a felon , with no other illegal act but the paperwork failure . The innocent would have to register to remain legal , the illegal possessor could not register without violating the right to not incriminate yourself .	neutral	sarc
it combines the worlds of evolution ( including biology , genes , cells , etc ) , spirituality , and health/diseases . He basicallly says that most of the billions of dollars pumped in to bio-tech is wasted because fixing genes will never fix the physical cause of disease . ( RIGHT ON , Brother ! ) ... ..	But it will stop the disease from being passed on to offspring ... Or is that unimportant ?	neutral	sarc
18 . Show me some instances of mutations that add information to the genome :	You 've had problems with this in other threads . You 've said that a modification to the genome is not new information , just 'altered ' information , which makes no sense at all . You ca n't alter information . You can alter physical stuff so that it stops representing one piece of information and starts representing another , but the idea that the information has altered is way off base . I could turn any sentence into any other sentence - even into a sentence that has never been written before - just by tweaking the letters one by one . Is the end product not a 'new ' sentence ?	disagree	sarc
PENNSYLVANIA CONSTITUTION Section 21 . Right to Bear Arms The right of the citizens to bear arms in defense of themselves and the State shall not be questioned . I do n't see the word `` qualified '' in there .	But felons ca n't vote and I do n't see that in the Constitution , either . I do n't have a problem with preventing criminals from legally owning firearms . That said , I think it 's against our rights to be assumed to be a criminal without ever being convicted of a crime .	neutral	notsarc
Evidence ?	In time of war : The Israeli answer to terrorism by Massad Ayoob Issue # 81 `` Israel began the program of armed citizen guards in the schools after the Maalot massacre in the 1970s , when a large number of children were slain in a terrorist incident . The volunteer parents work in plain clothes , armed with concealed semi-automatic pistols , and are trained by Israel & # 8217 ; s home guard . It is significant that in the more than a quarter century between Maalot and the incident mentioned above when the citizen guards shot down the terrorist in the school in 2002 , not a single child was murdered in an Israeli school ! ''	neutral	notsarc
SCHUMER : OK. Now , let me ask you this . When you wrote that statement , you did not -- as we discussed yesterday -- when you wrote that the Constitution does not protect the right to an abortion , you had no exceptions . So that would mean , at least in 1985 , your view then , there would be no constitutional protection for a woman to terminate her pregnancy even if the termination was needed to preserve her future ability to have children , right ? ALITO : Senator , it was a general statement that did n't go into -- it did n't ... SCHUMER : But it had no exceptions . You did n't make that ... ALITO : It was one sentence , and it certainly did n't represent ... SCHUMER : There was no -- you did n't write any exception for that situation . Correct ? It just said the Constitution does not protect . It was without exception . And , yesterday , you did n't argue me when I mentioned that without exception . ALITO : I do n't recall your using the words without exception . SCHUMER : I think I did . ( CROSSTALK ) SCHUMER : If you believe ... ALITO : Could I just answer that question ? It 's one sentence and it certainly is not an attempt to set out a comprehensive view of the subject . SCHUMER : No , I understand that . But it was a very strong statement . It did n't talk about any exceptions at all . And the way I read that statement , even if a woman was raped by her father , she 'd have no constitutional protection to have an abortion and terminate that pregnancy . If you believe the Constitution protects no right to an abortion that would follow , would n't it ? ALITO : I think the statement speaks for itself , and it 's one sentence and it 's not an effort to set out a comprehensive view of ... SCHUMER : Knowing these examples , do you still refuse to distance yourself in any way from a broad , unqualified statement , without exception , that the Constitution does not protect the right to an abortion ? No ands , ifs or buts , is my words . ALITO : What I actually said was that I was proud of my participation in the Thornburg case in which the government made the argument that it made in the Thornburg case ... SCHUMER : But you said in the previous sentence to that statement that you personally held those views . ALITO : That 's correct . But what I was talking about there was the Thornburg case and nothing more than the Thornburg case . SCHUMER : I understand . But you have n't rethought the position at all , even knowing these extreme cases and the hardship that it might cause ? ALITO : Well , what you have pointed out is exactly why , if the issue were to come up , and one were to get beyond stare decisis , the whole judicial decision-making process would have to be gone through . SCHUMER : You did n't think that through in 1985 ? ALITO : I was not involved in ... SCHUMER : When you wrote the statement . When you wrote that statement . ALITO : And when I wrote the statement what I was saying was that I was proud of what I had done in relation to the Thornburg case , which was to write the memo that the committee is aware of , which did not argue that Roe should be overruled , did not argue that the government should argue that Roe should be overruled , but that the decision should be challenged on other grounds that were quite similar . SCHUMER : I understand what you wrote , but you also -- we can bring the statement up here , but I do n't want to go over the thing of yesterday . I would just ask you to think of all the consequences of a broad statement , even from 1985 , that the Constitution does not protect the right to abortions . Not an exception of health of the mother , not an exception of rape or incest , not an exception of any of these others . I did n't see any of those in your job application . But I want to conclude on ... ALITO : Senator ... SCHUMER : Go ahead , please . ALITO : It was one sentence . And I think what you 're saying highlights the importance of not addressing this until the judicial process takes place where all of this complexity would be taken into account . SCHUMER : In all due respect , sir , I think it highlights the importance of an obligation to discuss it , particularly in light of a strong statement before . But we 'll have to differ on that .	Schumer is a bonafide XXXXX , as are many in the Senate . He failingly tried to draw Alito into exposing how he would rule on abortion if presented a case . Alito is far too intelligent to be logically trapped by a buffoon such as Shumer . It is also plain to see he interrupts when he supposes the response will indeed make sense against his flailings .	neutral	notsarc
How many civil rights are you willing to give up in the name of a few less murders each year ?	In 2000 , the U.S. recorded close to 11,000 firearm homicides and more than 16,000 firearm suicides . The European Union -- an area with a population approximately 25 % higher than that of the U.S. -- reported fewer than 1,300 firearm homicides for the same year . In Japan , the number was 22. sinjin - The US firearm homicide rate is more than 180x that of Japan .	disagree	notsarc
The fact the city had to disobey state laws is a good example of the lunatic right , though this is n't really the issue here .	What are you talking about here ? please be specific .	neutral	notsarc
Evolutionists have constructed the Geologic Column in order to illustrate the supposed progression of `` primitive '' life forms to `` more complex '' systems we observe today . Yet , since only a small percentage of the earth’s surface obeys even a portion of the geologic column , the claim of their having taken place to form a period of rock -- life -- time over the earth is therefore fantastic and imaginative thinking .	This does not mean that the column is fantastic nor imaginative . It may very well be that not all areas of the earth accumulated all types of rock that form the column ; this does not mean that the years at which similar columns were deposited in different places in the world are not similar . And of course , even if the Geologic column is not true , this provides no evidence of creationism .	disagree	notsarc
So I think this magical answer for the `` gaps '' in evolution theory deserves a name . I choose to call the god of time and chance The Almighty IT ! It has all the answers . In the beginning there was it ! And IT said -let there be hopeful monsters and there were hopeful monsters and IT saw that it was good . And that began and ended an undetermined amount of geologic time .	Being facetious rarely works in winning converts . Please get back to us when you have a chance to review panion 's posts and think a little harder about your arguments .	disagree	sarc
they believe they themselves are the only god of their body .	please . god of their body ? that 's hardly equal to a supernatural deity .	disagree	sarc
Yes you can it is called belonging to a religious group . Which should not be protected as it is only a choice .	And what special rights are we given ?	neutral	notsarc
God created all things in “Kinds” – a supergiant group .	Do you have any evidence for that ? And still , I do n't know what you mean by kind .	neutral	notsarc
Do you think that a criminal that faces life in prison should have the right to choose to be put to death instead ?	Yes . , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,	agree	sarc
Outrage at the tactics of `` The Advocate '' in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ...	Well , when I read the released portion of the transcript , it really looked like Kersey was acting on the understanding that the `` donor '' wanted to help African-American women who wanted to abort but could n't afford to go to an abortion clinic . ( Look at Kersey 's response to the `` donor '' 's question about `` underprivileged minority groups '' referring to `` women in need '' ; I guess Kersey is sexist , too ? ) Only later did the `` donor '' 's comments become strange . Even the release shows that Kersey thought that something was pretty odd . What 's especially hypocritical is for the The Advocate people to yell and scream about racism when the only racism expressed came from the `` donor . '' While I 'm not convinced that Kersey did anything terribly wrong based on that transcript , police action of the same sort would be considered entrapment . It 's a pathetic witch hunt so devoid of a target that they 're building straw men to attack .	neutral	notsarc
c ) Why do these creatures have the right to live at the time you give for question b .	Because that 's when the law says that they have the 'right to live . ' Rights are legal terms that are fabricated by humans . They are not constant , but rather change whenever we wish to change them .	neutral	notsarc
It seems , once again , the Almighty hid within His Word proof of divine inspiration and a token of His love for children .	Proof ? All I can think to say is that a mind is a terrible thing to waste .	disagree	notsarc
Yes i believ in a young Earth . However at the end of the creation week it was fully mature . I can easily see why men can say it looks old .	But because your book of mythology tells you about a week of creation , you prefer that ( because it requires less thought ) to examining reality .	disagree	notsarc
The most informative answer to the question of 'how many gun-control laws ? ' is then 'about 300 major state and federal laws , and an unknown but shrinking number of local laws . ' ``	Lets look at what is claimed in the link I post . It 's origins were in response to & # 8220 ; Teddy bears are more regulated than guns. & # 8221 ; -- Violence Policy Center . The & # 8220 ; Unregulated & # 8221 ; Gun	neutral	sarc
And without a gun you 're defenseless , why ca n't you seem to understand that ? How many cases have there been of a person having their personal firearm taken right out of their hands by a criminal , never to be seen again ? Nobody 's armed in England , but the criminals still go armed . What 's your excuse for that ?	Hardly any criminals go armed in England , and certainly not with guns . Burglars and muggers have enough sense to know that while getting done for burglary or mugging will not be pleasant , getting done for burglarly or mugging AND possession of a firearm will be far , far worse , assuming they survive the arrival of the armed response squad .	neutral	notsarc
Over the years these “educated” people through the media as journalist and movie/television writers began sharing their preliminary understanding of evolution as indisputable fact .	You blame others for your failure to understand the basics .	disagree	notsarc
So since we are made in Gods image :	Is it possible for an omnipotent being to have a definable 'image ' ? I guess the stock answer is 'yes , He made us in it ' , but that 's somewhat ... unsatisfying . Are you implying that God is a hetrosexual ?	neutral	notsarc
Great , I guess since ted kennedy agrees with prolifers that must mean abortion is wrong for ted kennedy is the absolute truth ! ! He 's just a freakin everyday person.. sheesh . So what if he changed his mind or whatever .	Yet he has n't . No pro-choice person I know wants abortion to be prevalent , they just want it to be an option . Wanting it safe and rare and available is not an abnormal positon for a pro-choice person .	disagree	notsarc
Miller continues ; Evolution is not any of those things . It really is about science , and this means that the question of evolution is fundamentally different from issues of social and moral values . His mistake here , is that evolution is n't any of those social moral things because it should n't be . Yet he clearly shows , from Lewontin 's words , that it IS .	So Lewontin is the person who determines the opinion of the general public or something ?	neutral	notsarc
The `` truth '' about atheism is that it 's the only proposition that makes sense ( apart from agnosticism ? ) to people who conclude , as I do , that religious principles are not based on reason . I know it 's a bit unusual in a public forum but I 'd like to introduce a little personal history here by way of illustration of my path to atheism : I was educated during my most impressionable years ( 11-18 ) at a grammar school controlled by the Jesuits . All my teachers were priests and many were of formidable intellect . Every morning began with `` divine service '' , every lesson was started and ended with a prayer . At noon we sang the Angelus and at 3.30 in the afternoon we finished the school day with Benediction . We had at least one session a day learning and reciting the catechism - so we could be word perfect in our answers to metaphysical questions . Yet all this religious conditioning failed to arouse any spark of faith in me . Sure , I conformed to all outward appearances , but inwardly I rebelled and I did not believe . So why did n't I believe - because my clergymen teachers gave me no REASONS to do so . When , eventually , during my last days at school I chose to reveal my disbelief - the Rector said , `` Well , after all , faith is a gift from God ! '' , and I had received no such gift . Since , in my view , there is no reasoned evidence for God 's existence , why succumb to wish-fulfillment ? It 's less comforting but more honest to be an atheist .	I 'm an atheist pretty much the same reason you are an atheist ( except for going to a religious school . I did n't really think it was fair and balanced at all . It protrayed atheists as lost from the true path . The reasons it gave for being atheist were they had n't found god yet , and a tradgedy . What about logically thinking about it ? And a RELIGIOUS STUDIES teacher says that atheism is just a phase ? They also say atheism is the easy way out . I think it 's easier to just believe in a god and be comforted . I 'm not saying people do but I 'd say Christianity is more of a quick fix than atheism . All you have to do is believe in god and you 're safe for your life and afterwards . Most Atheists do n't believe what they do just to rebel or have n't found God yet . Mostly it 's because they realized that there is no logical proof ( enough for them ) that there is God . They also said incorrectly that atheism is n't a religion . re·li·gion [ ri líjj ? n ] n 1. religion beliefs and worship : people ? s beliefs and opinions concerning the existence , nature , and worship of a deity or deities , and divine involvement in the universe and human life Microsoft® Encarta® Reference Library 2003 . © 1993-2002 Microsoft Corporation . All rights reserved . Would n't you say the belief that there is no god and when we die we die qualifies as this ?	neutral	notsarc
You could n't tear your way out of your own rectum . You do n't scare me , Immigrant-Boy .	Not even with my British choppers ? You get bit by those and you 'll lose an arm to gangrene infection . If you have a point then make it . Otherwise shove off you forum troll .	neutral	sarc
And because marriage is a government institution then they can not discriminate against same sex couples and must provide the same benefits to them as is provided to straight couples . And it can not be a separate institution either because separate is not equal .	And upon what grounds do you base this claim ? Government chooses not to recognize different types of marriages all the time , not just same sex marriages ie . polygamist marriages , relatives , age limits , etc . These recognitions are not only federal but vary state to state , for instance some states recognize 1st cousin marriages while others do n't , as I recall , the age of consent to marry also differs among states .	neutral	notsarc
I think the Obama administration has been working with Republicans , and much too much . That 's why the bill is what it is . Although I think it was Feingold who said that Obama has gotten the bill he intended to , from the beginning . Even worse , as this is not a compromise since there is no public option , for starters .	Yea right , the chosen one told the pugnicans to sit down and shut up I won . More funny cake lady ! You are right the dems got the bill they wanted . 2000+ pages that no one knows whats in it . Robs Medicare to partly pay for it and who knows what other unpleasant nasty suprises are in it . Wise up no one wants your public option .	neutral	notsarc
Have you forgotten the Mumbai massacre already ? The killing of German school students ? Any killing at any gun free zone in the country ? The Mexican drug cartel acquiring machine guns despite the 1986 ban on them in this country ?	Cherry picking wo n't cover up the fact that in general developed nations with strict levels of gun control have much lower gun crime rates than the US . You 're missing the big picture . Besides , the shooter of German school students got the gun from his father 's legally owned gun collection .	neutral	notsarc
Chloe has advanced a statement that the pro-life position toward women is higher then the pro-choice view of women . The topic is : is this the case or is this not the case ? The topic is not why this might be the case or why it might not be the case .	And she has referenced her religious beliefs as the foundation of her position .	agree	notsarc
The California judge would probably not have the authority to refer to the Federal Constitution ; it would have to be taken to the Federal Courts for that .	State courts can rule based on state and/or federal law . In this case , the answer was found in the state constitution , so the judge did not need to pursue the issue further . Also , a state constitution can offer more protection that the federal one , as long as , in so doing , it does not contradict the federal constitution .	disagree	notsarc
To sacrifice the life of a mother in that situation to the life of a fertilized egg , an embryo , a fetus , is a heinous , anti-life crime . To demand such a sacrifice is to place families themselves on the altar of religious extremism , an extremism which denies women their right place in humanity , which sacrifices the welfare of children to a very narrow and restricted religious belief .	The opposite is actually the case , to deny the sanctity of life is to sacrifice potential families on the alter of the religion of secularism , an extremism which denies humans their right place in nature , which sacrifices the welfare of children to a very narrow and restricted religious belief .	disagree	notsarc
And if you want to go back to the earliest examples of horizontal transfer studies you need to study Crown Gall in plants caused by Agrobacterium tumifaciens . You can start here . http : //www.pnas.org/cgi/reprint/44/4 ... e2=tf_ipsecsha Which is a later paper by A.C. Braun regarding is 1950s work on crown gall and his finding of the so called tumor inducing principle . Something that Agrobacterium appeared to transfer to plant cells which resulted in tumor like growth and so forth . He got a lot of funding by calling it `` Plant Cancer '' back then . What it turned out to be was transfer of plasmid borne genes to the plant tissue . Brauns work is absolutely classic . He got to the essential conclusions long before most of the tools of molecular biology were available . Think and experiment , use logic , do more experiments . He like Mendel managed to abstract what he was observing without being able to get down to the level of actual mechanisms . It turned out decades later that the plasmid in Agrobacterium forms a good basis for making genetically engineered plants . In the 1970s I had the pleasure of working with some of the people who uncovered the plasmid and watching the story emerge . Some of that story is told in the following by one of the Chiltons . I well remember some of the folks pictured in fig 1. http : //www.plantphysiol.org/cgi/content/full/125/1/9 And the following provides some laymen level information regarding crown gall in GE work . http : //courses.washington.edu/z490/gmo/natural.html	so why did ToE ignore horizontal gene transfer for so many decades ? Can you tell me how it is that gene transferred horizontally ( without going through selection ) validates darwinism , which says all beneficial traits must pass through selection in order to be adapted ?	neutral	notsarc
A flat-out lie .	Well then . We 've setteled that question , have n't we ?	neutral	sarc
Well , I do n't work with any `` reefer heads '' or pot smokers now ... this was awhile back .	Sure about that ?	neutral	sarc
Probably not , one rather sucspects sea vents or pools rather hotter than mere soup . Complex chemistry templated by surfaces - Probably something like the RNA world hypothesis . Its not signed and dated by the author of the journal and its not confirmed by a witness ! Spirit ? I thought he said Mind . Mind is a product of biochemistry , Spirits are what you buy at the liquor store . Granted spirits can be passed down among humans . Not feasable . For any organism the genes are there before the mind . Genes preceed the mind and indeed are the platform which constructs the platform which constructs the platform that brains are underlain by , and the brain cerates the mind . Can not have effect coming before the cause you know .	Oh , some holes in the bottom of the ocean . Phew , I 'm so glad I was wrong . They did not date their works back then . Signatres were worth nothng back then . The witness , however , is every early christian and , of coarse , God himself . Actually , liquor is bought at a liquor store ( dee-de-dee ) . The mind is the product of God . Supersport meant spirit when he said mind . Again , the spirit lies the platform for the genes . I thought I had already made that clear .	neutral	sarc
New ultrasound technology has even proven that babies in the womb smile when external stimulus like an abdomen rub is introduced .	I had not heard this ... do you have a source on it ?	neutral	notsarc
*walks in* *looks at posters* *notes no fundies have spoken out yet* Well , it 's OBVIOUS that you do n't have a discerning spirit and are thinking with your carnal mind . If you 'd only have accepted the truth of the undying and never changing word of God , then you 'd understand . You just gottsta believe first . It 's as simple as that . But , no , you go right on hating God and you 'll soon see where that will get you . BURNING IN HELL ! ! ! Hahahah , FOOL ! You are soo going to roast . In pain . FOR EVER ! But , that 's not my words . That 's Gods ! Me ? I love you . I love you long time . Like forever even . If only you 'd accept Jesus into your heart . Cause if you did . You 'd see no contradictions in what you posted . Seriously ... Drink the flavoraid . edit : Capitalize , size increase , italicize and underline various parts of my post . Color them some and insert random , out of contest bible passages to support my claims .	I think it 's manifestly obvious that I 'm a prophet . Therefore , the question of my diety should also be of little surprise .	neutral	sarc
I 'd like to know how a fission reaction was supposedly possible in the first place . This would be hard to achieve using only light water and ( today 's ) natural uranium ( at about 0.7 % U-235 ) .	Well , since the composition of the uranium body when it was a natural reactor was n't the same as today 's natural uranium , it does n't matter . What is important was the composition of the ore back then . Since U-238 has a half-life of 4.468E+9 years and U-235 has a half-life of 7.038E+8 years , it is apparent that the U-235 decays much more rapidly . It stands to reason that the The relative percentage of U-235 to U-238 was higher in the past . It also stands to reason that thee was more uranimum present at the time that the natural reactors were active . About 2 billion years ago the U-235 was about 3 % or more of the composition of the uranium .	neutral	notsarc
Only an atheist is arrogant enough to presume to question why God decided to do that .	Kudos to athiests then .	neutral	sarc
Well since you guys say it 's not important I guess it 's not . However , that 's not what the dogma has been for several decades .	Well , it is relevant , or at least was . It just is n't fundamental to the ToE , and even if Weismann 's barrier needs to be revised , that does n't mean that the ToE is invalid as well .	neutral	notsarc
I say legalize pot and tax the hell out of it . Why should us alcoholics have to pay all the sin taxes ?	There are biliions of dollars to be made from the taxation of marjuana . Institutions like The DEA and the state and federal prison systems would see fincncial stress relieved from them . Its also a realistic way to increase revenue to lower the deficit Who 's to say what drug is bad for you and what one is n't ?	neutral	notsarc
So , how many unborn babies did your God drown in Genesis ? Talk about hypocrisy .	What if the answer to that was 0 ? You have begged the question .	neutral	sarc
All things are possible with God . My God is the God of the impossible !	So you honestly believe that with the technology available at the time , Noah constructed a monstrous synthetic habitat large enough to hold two of every creature on earth ? Complete with enough aquatic capacity to hold two of every ocean creature , including whales and sharks ? With enough travel speed to cover the entire globe in time to pick up two of every animal , from the burrowing frogs of the african desert to the Polar bears of Antarctica ? And that this vessel was also large enough to carry a supply of food adequate for so many hundreds of millions of animals ? And that the waste disposal systems were adequate to handle such a volume of waste ? I 'm sorry , but anyone with even a shred of credibility must take the story of Noah and his ark as nothing more than an interpretation and adaption of an ages old story . To interpret it as the literal truth is beyond belief .	neutral	sarc
The majority of people who are fooled into believing it either have poor reasoning skills , or lack of scientific knowledge .	I think that 's overly simplistic . I 've spoken with alot of creationists , both in forums and in real life , and many of them are quite intelligent and well educated . The problem is that people have an amazing ability to filter out things that do n't fit into their pre-conceived notions . I 'm sure you 've seen this in all sorts of different fields , it 's just most pronounced when someone is denying facts , rather than refuting an opinion . If someone is devoutly religious , and firmly believes in a literal interpretation of the Bible , then facts which contradict that belief simply do n't take hold . It 's not that they do n't understand logic or science . It 's more like they 've trained themselves to not hear things which go against their beliefs .	neutral	notsarc
I am not imposing my belief on you or anyone else so far as abortion goes . Its a matter of individuals making their own moral decisions freely and voluntarily .	But you are . You ca n't just claim someone is not a person and therefore say you are not imposing beliefs on them . If this were the case then I 'd just say you are n't a person and therefore when I hurt you it would n't be wrong .	neutral	sarc
And can you please tell me the difference between nonrandom variation and directed variation ? I 'd also like a link to verify what you say . Thank you . God Bless !	Directed variation seems unlikely : http : //www.blackwellpublishing.com/r ... ariation17.asp Would not selection of mating partners produce nonrandom variation ?	neutral	notsarc
Pah ! Child 's play ! .	Oh ? Then what do you take this to mean ? : http : //www.accessmylibrary.com/comsi ... d=0286-6387354 `` researchers no longer believe that races are distinct biological categories created by differences in the genes that people inherit from their parents . '' http : //academic.udayton.edu/race/01race/race.htm There are no genetic characteristics possessed by all Blacks but not by non- Blacks ; similarly , there is no gene or cluster of genes common to all Whites but not to non-Whites . One 's race is not determined by a single gene or gene cluster , as is , for example , sickle cell anemia . Nor are races marked by important differences in gene frequencies , the rates of appearance of certain gene types . The data compiled by various scientists demonstrates , contrary to popular opinion , that intra-group differences exceed inter-group differences . That is , greater genetic variation exists within the populations typically labeled Black and White than between these populations . This finding refutes the supposition that racial divisions reflect fundamental genetic differences . Along the way , various minds tried to fashion practical human typologies along the following physical axes : skin color , hair texture , facial angle , jaw size , cranial capacity , brain mass , frontal lobe mass , brain surface fissures and convolutions , and even body lice . As one scholar notes , `` [ t ] he nineteenth century was a period of exhaustive and -- as it turned out -- futile search for criteria to define and describe race differences . `` . . . Attempts to define racial categories by physical attributes ultimately failed . By 1871 , some leading intellectuals had recognized that even using the word `` race '' `` was virtually a confession of ignorance or evil intent . '' The genetic studies of the last few decades have only added more nails to the coffin of biological race . Evidence shows that those features usually coded to race , for example , stature , skin color , hair texture , and facial structure , do not correlate strongly with genetic variation	neutral	notsarc
But guess what ... evolutionists call NS on the populational level random !	Absolutely not . One of the points that have to be drilled into the heads of creationists over and over again is that natural selection is not random . You are either a liar or ignorant .	disagree	sarc
One thing that 's surprising about it is that gay pride proponents have been asserting , ever since Prop 8 , that public opinion was overwhelmingly on their side and that it would be voted away once another chance to vote came along . Yet not only did it not get voted down , it did n't even make it onto the ballot . But personally , I 'd rather see such sweeping cultural matters handled via the will of the people rather than an oligarchical court using judicial fiat to favor a minority over everyone else . Though I think the gay pride proponents would fail at the U .S . Supreme Court ( if it gets that far ) .	Oh it will and from what I have seen of the arguments the court will strike down prop 8 and every anti gay marriage amendment . I have seen the reinactments taken from the trial record . YouTube - Prop 8 Trial Re-enactment , Day 1 Chapter 1	neutral	notsarc
U.S. Supreme Court 319 U.S. 105 ( 1943 ) MURDOCK v. COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA and seven other cases , including JONES v. CITY OF OPELIKA , 319 U.S. 105 ( 1943 ) `` It is contended , however , that the fact that the license tax can suppress or control this activity is unimportant [ 319 U.S. 105 , 113 ] if it does not do so . But that is to disregard the nature of this tax . It is a license tax ? a flat tax imposed on the exercise of a privilege granted by the Bill of Rights . A state may not impose a charge for the enjoyment of a right granted by the federal constitution . ''	No more poll tax on us `` darkies '' voting either~ !	neutral	sarc
Read the preceding verse . `` 18 The LORD God said , 'It is not good for the man to be alone . I will make a helper suitable for him . 19 Now the LORD God had formed out of the ground all the beasts of the field and all the birds of the air . He brought them to the man to see what he would name them ; and whatever the man called each living creature , that was its name . 20 So the man gave names to all the livestock , the birds of the air and all the beasts of the field . But for Adam no suitable helper was found . '' ( Genesis 2:18-20 )	Okay , here is how it went : God made the animals . He said , '' Hey , Adam needs a helper . '' He brought the animals to Adam to name . He could n't find a helper for Adam . He then took a rib out of Adam 's side to create Eve . This was done on the sixth day . God created them both on the sixth day , Adam first , then Eve out of Adam 's side after he had Adam name the animals .	neutral	notsarc
Again , which is your usual tact you attack the messengers Justine but in your heart of hearts you know what we say is the truth ...	You know , I really do n't know if she does . I 'd like to think that she does care about the moral concerns of most people in the nation , but it 's starting to become more and more apparent that may not be the case . At the rate they are going , gay rights people in this country are going to bring a constitutional amendment on themselves before they truly realize the value of actually trying to see the issue through someone 's eyes other than their own , and actually dialoging rather than trying to dictate their views onto the nation . By then it will be too late .	neutral	notsarc
I was watching the Bill Maher show today and they had Jane Fonda on . She mentioned that she has recently become a Christian and that HER god is one that supports a womens right to choice . Now there are so many problems with this that I do n't even know where to start . Not only that , I am saying this as almost a `` newbie '' Christian as in I do n't know everything there is to know about the Bible . However , I do know that the Christian God that is defined in the Bible is against abortion . Many argue that the Bible is not what the Christian God is because it has been translated into a meaningless document . How is this true when we have so many of the original scrolls ? Moreever , how can one claim what God thinks if they do n't have anything to base it on ? For example if you say the Bible is worthless , you are a Christian , and God believes abortion is ok ... then how did you come to this conclusion ? The Christian God talks about how one is created before they were put in the womb . God also talks about not killing . So if you wish to be Christian and for abortion you need to rethink one of those stances . God does n't conform to anyone .	Have you read the Old Testament ? In Numbers , God says do n't count any male child under one month old as a person . They also did n't count girls at all . He also had them burn Tamora while she was pregnant .	neutral	notsarc
The proof of the racism of Darwinism is overwhelming , if you do n't believe that you have never read Darwin .	Actually , Darwin was much less racist than was typical of the Victorian British of his day . Possibly you should read what Darwin had to say about his encounters with slavery in South America . Nevertheless , Darwin was a Victorian Englishman and his attitudes were colored by that culture , where Victoria was , by the Grace of God , Queen , and the head of the Church of England , which dominated the culture and academic life of the time . You know , the slavery that was propagated and approved by the European Christian churches . And , of course , the slave trade in the U.S. was supported and approved by the protestant churches . The Southern Baptist Convention was formed for the sole purpose of excluding blacks from the Christian churches . In 1997 the Southern Baptist Convention issued an official apology to African Americans for its history of racism . Of course , you are probably quite aware that the KKK was fromed by southern Christians - still is . There is also the Aryan Brotherhood , which also claims to be Christian . So I guess we could call that proof of the racism of Christianity . Of course you will squeal and cry about it and offer excuses , but facts are facts .	neutral	notsarc
And that 's when her career and popularity took a nosedive . Now that she 's no longer playing the activist , she 's becoming popular again .	She is still a very loud activist .	neutral	notsarc
We are separated by reasoning and compassion from the other animals . Theirs is a life based on instinct and a few learned behaviors . For every example you can give me of animals protecting their own young , I can likely present an example where the males ( sometimes the females ) will kill the young of their species just to keep down the competition . A domestic bitch , when presented with a weakling in a litter of pups , will eat the weakling .	Yes , a domestic bitch will eat a weak pup . Odlly enough wild dogs rarely do this ( the exception is generally a pup that either will not survive or in cases weher ethere is not enough food available to sustain the enitre litter , which generally menas the pup will not survive anyway . Basically , the only time that wild dogs generally kill their own young is in the case of mercy killings ) . As far as learned behaviors , we are high level primates , no more , no less .	neutral	sarc
The so called `` pro-choice '' movement is in fact in favour of only one choice , ie abortion . For example , a woman who telephones the `` British Pregnancy Advisory Service ( sic ) '' looking for help with a crisis pregnancy will not be given any help or advice . They only deal in abortions , performing over a quarter of all UK abortions . They will not even refer the woman to pro-life organisations such as Life . So much for choice !	Oh , you mean unlike the pro-life organizations that regularly refer women that come to them to pro-choice organizations ? I 'm being facetious , to get it out of my system , but seriously why would a `` pro-choice '' organization refer people to a `` pro-life '' organization when such organizations are regarded ( rightly or wrongly ) as `` pro-paternalism '' ? The claim that `` the so called `` pro-choice movement is in fact in favour of only one choice '' is certainly a important criticism that the pro-choice movement faces , because it is about supporting a woman 's choice to have an abortion . Unfortunately so much time and attention is devoted to protecting that choice that it overshadows the whole point of the pro-choice position : the woman 's right to choose . Too little time and attention is spent protecting a woman 's autonomy in making that choice or supporting a woman 's choice not to have an abortion . Fortunately in Canada , where abortion is legal , the pro-choice movement is quickly recognizing that providing women with the information and support to make an informed decision either way is just as important as providing the means to exercise one choice . I 'm pointing this out because I think you may be mistaking the pro-choice 's struggle to keep the abortion option open with what the pro-choice movement is actually in favour of : the informed choice of a woman with regard to how she wants to deal with pregnancy .	disagree	sarc
Dearest , I never speed because I take my responsibilities as a citizen so seriously , and i have never received a speeding ticket . Were you driving under the influence as well ? How many lives did you put at risk , Archangel ? What pomposity ! What hypocrisy !	Wait , did you really ask a question imply an answer and then condemn someone for it ? Haha , your logic may be more delusional than I thought .	neutral	sarc
What harm will come to society from the marriage of gays ? The most significant impact of legally recognizing same-sex unions would be more indirect . Expanding the definition of what `` marriage '' is to include relationships of a homosexual nature would inevitably , in the long run , change people 's concept of what marriage is , what it requires , and what one should expect from it . These changes in the popular understanding of marriage would , in turn , change people 's behavior both before and during marriage .	Actually people 's concept of what a marriage is changes along with societal roles . It 's a natural progression , an evolution of sorts . As the roles of parents , partners and the elderly change in society so does the concept of what makes a marriage . It 's completely normal and natural . Get a grip .	neutral	notsarc
Not to mention the cost on reloading , which I do . When I was shooting competitive Skeet , on competition weeks , it would not be unusual to shoot a 1000 rounds in that week . Translation , If I wanted to compete , I could not have ANY ammo for any other gun without being in violation of the law . Without a costly , and a government intrusive , arsenal license ! Primers are normally sold in a box of a 1000 . And that is an absolutely common purchase . However , for consistency , and a hefty price savings , we would buy a sleeve of 5 boxes ! But , I also own rifles and pistols too , and I reload for them also . This law is called , the law of uninformed , and unintended consequences . You had one 38 special round and a box of primers ! Got YA ! You are an Anti-gun Jackpot ! YOU Go to Jail ! And the Anti-gun Extremist exclaim loudly ! We got another Scum Bag Criminal out of our mists !	When I shooting pin and jug shoots it was common to have a thousand each of .45ACP , .44SPL and .40 S & amp ; W. Let us not forget the 3 unannounced visits per year from the boyos of Waco . At what time do you think they would be visiting ? Working hours so the chance exists of no one home ? Or in the dark of night to catch one asleep . What sort of visit do you expect . A polite knock on the door and wait for an answer ? Or perhaps a crashing down of the door with a no knock entry ? Thanks but no thanks .	agree	sarc
Teaching students to be responsible ! What a crime ! Next youll be whining about students getting kicked off the team because they had drugs off campus !	Drugs and guns are not comparable , as you are n't guaranteed the right to use drugs by the Bill of Rights . It 's not teaching students to be `` responsible '' , it 's illegally and wrongfully denying a target group of students the right to own a legitimate item that the Bill of Rights says you can own . Not only is this policy wrong , but it 's an infringement on Student Rights and should n't even be tolerated . Your idea of `` responsibility '' is BS . Responsible people can be trusted with guns . Reminds me of a quote emailed to Easyrider in another thread : If a conservative does n't like guns , he does n't buy one . If a liberal does n't like guns , he wants them all banned .	disagree	sarc
They did way back when . The U.S. did too .	And wayyyyy back when they were legally able to defend themselves to .	agree	notsarc
There are quite a lot of other differences between modern human and neaderthals other than just 'brain size ' . Well , right ... neanderthals were short and stocky and big-boned ...	Among other things , generally adaptions to a colder environment . As for your theory as a whole , does n't the whole 15 , 000 year gap between the extinction of the Neanderthalls and the development of farming ( particularly the grains youre talking about ) .	neutral	notsarc
Just when is it absolutely necessary to kill children ?	I personally ca n't imagine a time that it would be absolutly necessary to kill a child , though there is a lot out there that I ca n't imagine happening that does .	agree	notsarc
Word games Darwinists play ( example : exploiting the diverse meanings of `` evolution '' to distract critics )	Distract ? No . If Wells is accusing equivocation , he 'd better be able to back up his claim .	neutral	notsarc
Radiocarbon dating : This tells us that the bottom layers of the Grand Canyon are newer than the top .	No it does n't . It tells us that creationists are either liars of very sloppy in gathering samples . I suspect that you 've been duped again , and as usual , nothing but assertion without evidence .	disagree	sarc
What the shooter 's best friend had to say about the reason why the shooting occurred , `` Poplawski had feared the Obama gun ban that’s on the way and didn’t like our rights being infringed upon ''	And if a black guy went on a killing spree and murdered 17 white guys and said he was doing the work that he felt Obama wanted him to do , what exactly would that suggest to you ? Just because somebody makes a claim , does n't make it the truth . What 're you gon na do when a life member of the Brady Campaign carries out one of these mass shootings ?	disagree	sarc
A finely crafted handful of dust , gone in a par-sec , out like an old t.v . set ? Pick up a handful of dust and blow it . Gaze at the cemetaries at your most convenient moment , and ask yourself does life end here ? Non recycleable energy , never to be used again ? [ color=dark blue ] Has not Science taught us better than this ? [ /color ] Death , so inaccurataley confused/defined with the natural & amp ; programmed Evolution of the human species , a transformation of sorts , one might compare it to a capiller changing to a butterfly Living in the flesh is a challenge and a experience , but there comes a time when we just have to thank God for the dust and move on ... ... .	This is an incoherent question .	disagree	notsarc
] How many different ways can ToE be invalidated ? In a scientific theory , there are NO exceptions -- exceptions mean holes -- holes mean trouble . The answer is none so far . Your article and the mechanism involved do not impact upon TOE which makes only very broad assumptions about heritable elements . And what you reference does not constitute a hole in TOE , although it may be a new mechanism of inheritance .	yea , I often forget ToE is a mental concept , not a scientific one . Nothing -- and I mean nothing -- will ever dismantle it in the minds of the faithful . Materialism is so entrenched in your mind that even if an animal generates a new piece of morphology by mere thought , sensation or awareness , and then passes that trait down to progeny , ( which has been shown on here ) you still think materialism stands . It 's an unfalsifiable mindset that you and millions of others have created for yourselves .	disagree	sarc
The memo is real , nobody has ever been able to disprove it . Handgun Control Inc. ( the people who later became the Brady Campaign ) have claimed that the memo is a hoax and that what was released has never been their official position . However them simply stating this , is no different than Obama making a statement on national news , and then several months later saying `` I never said that '' and trying to reverse his position . Until it can be proven beyond doubt as being untrue and simple propaganda , the memo is real and explains in detail exactly what the gun control groups are after .	In the reality which the rest of us inhabit , the onus of proof is on the person making the claim .	disagree	sarc
First of all , we are supposed to be introducing ourselves , not starting up a topic . But let me kill two birds with one stone here . Hi everyone , I 'm new here . And I love to debate . I got kicked out of one debate , because I won the debate on linguistics , and the girl got mad , because she lost , and banned me from the froum . Hopefully no one here is as immature as that . But anyway , thats my story , I 'm glad to be here . And I 'm ready to debate . And here is my first victim . I 'm against gay marriages . Why ? ! Because in order to mantain a healthy environment for children . ( which they always seem to want to adopt ) there has to be a healthy relationship . Now a child grows up , and sees two men/women dating eachother . That can confuse the child as to whether they should also be gay . It is not only harmful to the family environment , but also to society . And do n't hand me that , '' My uncle is gay . '' Stuff . I had ( he passed away ) a gay uncle , have three gay cousins , and a gay aunt . Not my whole family is not gay , but it seems like I have quite a few in my family . Now I do n't support what they do . Even though I love them because they are my family , I would not support them if they were to marry .	And what evidence do you have that having two gay parents would confuse a child about weahter they should be gay ? Did you know that the same percentage of children that were brought up by gay couples turn out to be gay as children who are brought up by straight couples ? I would say that destroys your conception that the kid would be confused . I know a number of people who were brought up by commited gay couples ( admittedly not many ) , and not one of the ones I know turned out to be gay .	disagree	notsarc
What is the problem here ? Guns or crooks stealing guns ? They steal from all of society including LEOs , the military etc . not unlike the situation in Mexico . Proof is in that most of those thefts were from government sources . It is correct there is no authority granted Con-gress in Article 1 , section 8 to legislate rights restrictions and recently in Heller that was reinforced . When are you leaving ? Watch the doorknobs on the way out and all that stuff .	So it 's your contention that hundreds of thousands of firearms stolen from residences annually is just par for the course ?	disagree	sarc
Depends on how seriously p***ed off Harry Reid made the people , and how many of them want `` change '' just like when they voted Obama into office . We all saw what a nightmare that turned out to be .	A Nightmare because the Republicans have used the filibuster as a weapon to stop legislation . Over 300 pieces of legislation have yet to be voted on and nearly double that in the senate that have already passed the house ... Yeah do n't try to hide behind that smokescreen ...	disagree	sarc
A couple years back , Randy Thornhill and Craig Palmer argued that rape is an adaptation . When evolutionary biologist Jerry Coyne criticized their thesis , Thornhill labeled him as an “anti-evolution critic.”	Coyne 's criticism of `` evolutionary psychology '' as being unscientific . With modifications made by Mike Gene . http : //www.idthink.net/back/coyne/ http : //chronicle.augusta.com/stories ... 24-8577.shtmlb	neutral	notsarc
Those 2 % included CO2 and had a number specifically attached to it . I do n't remember what that number was , but if it were 'actually ' showing measurable increases , why are we not all kept up to speed on how drastic the increases are ? [ i.e . 1970 it was 0.0123 % and now it is 0.0124 % ] .	Erm ... we are ? Levels of CO2 in the atmosphere are usually quoted as parts per million , currently a little over 380ppm , 150 years ago closer to 280 . In 1970 about 330ppm . Carbon dioxide in the Earth 's atmosphere - Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia	neutral	notsarc
You would be destroying whole generations to come . ( that baby leads to more babys ... . )	So , if there was a way to know that that baby would be infertile it would be alright in your view to abort ?	disagree	notsarc
tens of thousands of smuggled guns	into Mexico . Even your `` source '' subtly acknowledges that the problem is with enforcement of the law , not absence of it . You ca n't stop logs from burning by throwing more logs on top .	disagree	sarc
Yeah , that 's generally the conclusion that I come to which is why I see nothing wrong with abortion . I 'm probably not going to be killed by abortion any time soon .	here we go Dan . your problem with the law is not whether its fair or not , its whether you can benefit personally from it . you have no problem with abortion because your not going to be the victim of such a law , but youd definitely have a problem if you were the one suffering from the law . Apparently you dont care if the law disadvantages or is unfair to others , as long as it does n't hurt you , you 're OK with it .	disagree	notsarc
The same argument could be used in support of illegal drugs . You guys should really get some new material .	That is n't the arguement your buddy made . He claimed guns could be controlled by dogs and snakes and stuff like that . Do you have any examples of dogs or snakes controlling drugs and going on rampages and blowing folks heads off ? Even claimed the dog was mournful for his bereaved master . He did n't mention how the snake felt Also said something about robots and guns but did n't have any examples to wow us with . Do you ?	disagree	sarc
This anti-gun-control slogan , a perfect fit for bumper stickers , has infected the public imagination with the mistaken belief that it 's just criminals , not weapons , that lead to deadly violence .	Because this is the truth . Pure and simple .	neutral	notsarc
There is not a shred of evidence that life came into being by only natural processes .	But there is no evidence that it did not come about by natural processes . And , there is , in fact , evidence of natural processes that may have resulted in life . Just because you do n't understand it does n't make it so .	neutral	notsarc
The problem with this claim was that in Jewish law , the wife and the children generally were considered property of the father .	I know that . And it does not say when a fetus becomes a human being .	neutral	notsarc
I honestly have never not heard a pot smoker not rationalize his/her habit .	Did I say rationalize ? I said justify . You , me and everyone rationalizes just about everything we do ... If you do n't then I guess you live on pure emotion ?	neutral	sarc
First off this is not an accurate depiction of atheism . Atheism does n't dictate how the universe was created or what happens after death . It just says that there is no god . Other than that it 's up to you to think , use your brain . This is also why the thread title : `` I do n't have enough faith to be an atheist '' is not accurate . All you have to do is believe that we were n't created by God . It does n't in any way relate to evolution , the big bang , etc .	I 'm not sure where anyone said it related to evolution , the big bang , etc. , but I might have missed something .	neutral	notsarc
Please do n't neglect the importance of this question since it lies at the very heart of the pro-life view of the beginning of human rights . If you want women to give up their rights to their own bodies because of the significance of this transition ( i.e . conception ) , then it is critically important that you detail what it is in the transition that makes it so significant .	Well we assume a right to your own body here . It is also important for you to justify why there should be a difference in human and person and then justify why doing so this time is different from when this was previously done in history . I guess I do n't agree with the idea that you have no rights until you can prove you should have them ... if this is the standard then we are all in trouble .	neutral	notsarc
And you just sound ignorant . You would n't make this statement if you knew about how Britain 's current gun control laws came into existence .	You/he could just have said 'slippery slope ' in the first place ; that argument is an old one , which I though was dealt with a long time ago . You ca n't disapprove of A on the grounds that it might lead to B - firstly because you have little to no evidence that it will , secondly because A is not necessary for B to happen and thirdly because that difference between A and B is all the argument you need to prevent B but be in favour of A . You can approve of punishing criminals but be against the death sentance .	neutral	notsarc
Originally posted by dsadevil [ B We license people to use cars , provide mandatory training , enforce safety standards ( `` street-legal '' cars ) , and register who owns what car . Why ca n't we do this for guns , if the two are so comparable ? [ /b ]	Because the rights to firearms are bestowed by God . Not by a king , not by a government , not by a judge , not by a group of men . The right to firearms are given to you in the same way as the right to reproduce , the right of freedom of thought , the right of speech , the right to vote . The privildge to drive is given by the state .	neutral	sarc
NOW what are the odds thats evlution is true ? ZERO	Oh yea , you need to retake math ! Since when is 10^-93 = 0 ? Oh , and you really should support your numbers . Odds are , they 're bogus Creationist BS .	disagree	sarc
As you noted , Supersport 's theory predicts DNA from extinct species to be the same as modern DNA . Not modified , because the modification is in the expression of parts of the DNA , not the total package . Well , DNA from mammoths and Neandertals have been tested and it is not the same as modern elephants or humans .	Actually true . But I fail to understand the point . mtDNA from Neandertals seems to indicate that they are not ancestral and did not interbreed with modern humans . Neither are mammoths ancestral to modern elephants . In both cases the evidence indicates that they are related species . What was your point ?	neutral	notsarc
It all just depends on what you believe , does n't it ? You know there is no `` right '' answer to your questions .	Just because people have all sorts of views on the subject does not mean that there is n't a right answer .	disagree	sarc
Do they keep you in ignorance over there ? It 's not illegal for UK politicians to own guns .	So you have no problem with UK gun laws ? Your hypothetical is just that - hypothetical . In reality , a militia would stand small chance against military might .	disagree	sarc
A modern microbiologist adds : `` Throughout 150 years of the science of bacteriology , there is no evidence that one species of bacteria has changed into another ''	What did I just get through saying ?	agree	sarc
Im so sorry to hear about this little guy , such a horrific accident . My thoughts go out to his family .	Well I 'm not trying to play it off as something it 's not , I 'm trying to keep people like Galileo from making stupid and untrue points .	neutral	sarc
The failure to observe even one mutation that adds information is more than just a failure to find support for the theory . It is evidence against the theory . Spetner	Not true . I googled `` helpful mutation '' and got a nice list of examples . I wish creationists would do some research before making wild assertions .	disagree	sarc
Ill be the first to agree with the saying `` If you can ... and have the place to ... you will '' But like anything else..you have to look at the better side of things ... It would act like a deterant to allow our responsable citizens to be armed..yes perhaps what you said might take place..but the benefits would outway them..and thats all we can ask for in life . As for our irresponsable citizens ... they are already armed .	I believe he was being sarcastic .	disagree	sarc
Im guessing its a science , because its widely accepted by scientist .	a ) `` Evolutionism '' is not widely accepted by scientists , it does n't even mean anything . It can mean atheism , it can mean biology , it can mean geology , or it can mean astrophysics . b ) Something being widely accepted by scientists does not make it a science - for example scientists in the 18th century widely believed in god , this did not make god a `` science '' .	agree	notsarc
My story , on the other hand , includes an omnipotent and omnipresent power who only lets as know what it wants to .	So basically your story is worthless . You ca n't show an omnipotent or omnipresent power to exist . You ca n't show how the power works . You ca n't show the power in action . Science is more than just having a story which can fit the facts .	disagree	sarc
What are the reasons which you would present behind the statement `` all human life is sacred '' ( or whichever similar statement you think is the core of your pro-life stance ) ? If morality is based only on arbitrary proclamations , then there is little chance of consensus because other groups or religions come up with other arbitrary set of rules and we are back to the situation of , in the worst case , chaos and , in the best case , a majority imposing arbitrary rules on an unwilling suffering minority . I suspect that a lot of people , if not most people , at least partially follow some version of `` treat others as you would have yourself be treated '' . When , as children , we were scolded `` How would you like it if ... '' that is a tactic of teaching this rule . For those who are religious ( which I only marginally , occasionally and hesitatingly am ) , even Jesus stated `` Do to others whatever you would like them to do to you . '' in the Sermon on the Mount talk ( as quoted by ShadowPikachu ) . Many world religions and philosophies seem to incorporate that general rule , which is partly why I think it has a reasonable chance at being incorporated as a global base of morality .	Jyoshu pretty much answered for me so I wo n't go back but I will say that your morality is formed based on arbitrary things as well . Whether you believe in a god or make yourself god you still are making arbitrary rules for which you develop a morality . The idea that you do n't want to suffer and therefore came up with this morality is abritrary as everything we have stated . Why was n't the conclusion `` I dont ' want to suffer so be stronger than everyone else '' or `` I do n't want to suffer so do n't associate with anyone else '' . Or maybe the conslusion could be to believe in a religion . Either way , you are going to have to believe in something and that forms the basis for a morality .	agree	notsarc
And we 're talking about just one DNA molecule !	No you 're not . You do n't actually know what you are talking about , do you ? You got all of that claptrap in church , did n't you ?	neutral	sarc
3a ) If you do the math , severe earthquakes ( caused by God ) could have very easily covered the Earth in approximately 2 miles of water at some points . Also , with these severe earthquakes , not all of the Earth would have to be covered equally at one time . There could have been some parts shallow enough to actually see the ground below . 3b ) Who said the Earth started out as a flat super continent ? I believe that God made the Earth only a few thousand years ago , not that much geographically different from the way it is now .	You contradict yourself . If the earth was then much as it is today , then there is n't enough water on earth to cover it in any fashion . I have done the math . Do you have any idea of how high the Himalayas , the Alps , the Andes , and the Rockies are ? Besides , the Bible talks about a flood that lasted a year , not a series of tsunamis .	agree	notsarc
There are good reasons for those laws and I bet none of those laws effect you much . You still got your guns so stop whining . But rich people stole my freedom for forty hours a week for many years . look at the big picture	Oh yeah , sure , your rights have been violated by companies requiring you to work 40 hours a week ! Would somebody be so good as to call the ACLU for Brady so he can get a lawsuit going which claims that having to work is a violation of his fundamental human rights and is unconstitutional ?	agree	notsarc
This is , simply put , false . murdere is unlawful killing , so as long as abortion remains legal , it is not murder any more than killing in self-defense is .	Well since the Jews killed in the holocaust where kill under German legislation they where not murdered either .	neutral	sarc
And you do realize that Noah was about 500 years old when he started the ark . How much could you learn or know in 500 years ?	Mythology . But nevertheless , shipbuilding has been going on for a lot longer than 500 years . There have been a lot of skilled shipbuilders who have passed along their knowledge from generation to generation . Do you think that every time someone builds a ship that they invent the whole process ? Nah . 300 ft is about the limit for wood no matter how you design it . Even worse it you cast a big box adrift in a huge storm . How did the animals survive the rolling and rolling ?	neutral	notsarc
2 . We had no money . We are both in college ( finishing up our Masters degrees in a few weeks now ) , and have enormous student loan fees as well as numerous other monetary problems . Right now the most we can do is finish up school and pay to keep our apartment .	This is an answer based on either BS or ignorance . Those without money can use Medicare or Medicaid to virtually pay for the entire pregnancy . WIC also supplements your own feeding IIRC with proteins and calcium products . I 've known several people ( including hard core conservatives ) who 've had to go this route 'because they could n't afford a pregnancy ' . And if your morality/ ethics prevents you from taking gov't funding , think of it as stuff you already paid for with taxes ( now and later ) , you 're just getting some of what you put in back . Furthermore , there are several agencies that would easily pay for all your needs provided you put the child up for adoption .	disagree	sarc
Looks like dancing in the blood of innocents to me .	Only one innocent bled in this case .	neutral	sarc
When is enough enough ?	More appropriate it would be to ask when will the media stop making the shooters famous by putting their pictures , family life history and all kinds of information about them in print and electronic media ? The shooters seem to be getting non-ending obituaries while the victim 's names are soon forgotten . All the media is doing is encouraging a repeat of massacres that have been publicized before , making one more sick person an infamous character ... and that 's all the shooter really wants ... to be famous . Shame on the media . Perhaps a federal law bordering on censorship is required .	neutral	notsarc
You folks ca n't box with God , your arms ai n't long enough . Many arguments are made about whether creation or evolution should be taught in our schools . I believe in creationism because I have never met an evolutionist who can explain where the very first sign of life came from . Can something not alive give birth to life ? Can something not alive change to be alive ? The answer to both questions is NO ! There are many things I do n't know , but two things I do know are science will never create anything from nothing and science will never create life from nonlife . I still think that it takes more faith to believe in evolution than it does to believe in our creator	You are making a crucial mistake ... you are assuming there is a black and white line dividing the living from the non-living . This is a grey area . What is life ? Is a dog alive ? What about the fleas on the dog ? What about the bateria on the fleas ? What about the virus in the dog ? Is a virus a non-living organism since it can not reproduce in a conventional manner ? When you look at it critically , there is no living/non-living line . It is easy to see a gradation from what can be reasonably called non-living to what can reasonably called `` living '' .	neutral	sarc
Problem is , the child support is n't owed to the woman but the child . Before abortion , the child can not claim any rights on anyone as it is not accepted as a person . Afterwards , it is a different issue .	So again we 're back to the idea that a baby magically becomes a person the instant he or she exists the birth canal , and only then does it actually have the right to be 'owed ' it 's life . Or is it when the cord the cut ?	neutral	sarc
( An accident on the way to work has a specific cause , yet can be modelled statistically ) You would n't be able to have that analogy in context ... because if there is nothing , cause can not help you . That is the whole argument ... without anything to start you can not have cause be the agency for events to follow .	But there are ample known causes for such novelty as is required by evolution . Mutation induced by chemical or energetic interference , recombination through sexual reproduction - surely you are not suggesting that these processes do not occur ?	neutral	notsarc
So country by country , the world is going to hell in a hand basket . And this pleases you , why ?	Oh get over yourself and your self delusional narrow fundamentalist mentality ... . I thought monogamy was a positive thing was it not ? Oh that 's right it does n't matter about two people loving one another . Two consensual adults being able to express their love in a private ceremony and having that love protected under the law ... .	disagree	sarc
A species of Darwin 's finch in the Galapagos has evolved a smaller beak to avoid competing with a larger-billed recent immigrant	You know what they mean , I know what they mean , but as someone involved in teaching evolution to high school kids I wish they 'd avoid the implication of purposeful change and just refer to beak size changing in response to new selective pressure . As I said , I may just be being nit-picky . Language apart , this is another nice example of evolutionary change happening right before our eyes .	agree	notsarc
The Chicago Tribune says : The end of the Chicago handgun ban	Oh my , where are these rights going to end ? Gun Groups File Lawsuit To Validate Montana Firearms Freedom Act Seems like kalifornia might be in line pretty soon	neutral	notsarc
Scholars Date the New Testament Books : http : //www.errantskeptics.org/Dating_the_NT.htm	But those are only the book sthat were taken into the big collection . What about the other ones ? Or did I not read all there is to read on that site ? One of the apocryphical texts may very well be written by Thomas , the apostle Thomas . None of the writers of the four well known Gospels were apostles , right ? They were writers , heard the story quite a few years after and do not agree on all that much actually . There are definitely four different stories on how he was crucified for instance .	neutral	notsarc
In all fairness , the objections did come from a well respected peer review journal , even though it may have been misconstrued or misinterpreted .	Indeed . And that fact makes the old creationist plum about how evolutionary theory is dogmatic or that evolutionary biologists are n't allowed to disagree with `` standard '' theory a laugh . Clearly , evolutionary biologists disagree and those disagreements are published openly . Science makes progress by questioning and disagreement .	agree	notsarc
Scientifically , human may mean Homo Sapiens , but there are other methods of defining humans . One of them is their capacity to love and to worship . Worship is not seen in another animal . Some will argue whether or not animals actually love or if it is just a conditioned response to someone providing what is needed .	I believe you have even debated that it is conditioned into humans to be religious and therefore it validates religions . So why is there a need to debate whether animals love if they are acting on a conditioned response ?	neutral	notsarc
While Bush did indeed threaten to veto if there was no such amendment , I 'm not sure why he 's the focus here , or at least the total focus -- the House of Representatives is the one that voted 224-200 for passing this amendment ensuring federal dollars could n't be used . That 's right -- your Democratic-majority congress . ( http : //www.hrc.org/Template.cfm ? Sect ... entDisplay.cfm ) ( and given the numbers , obviously a lot of Democrats voted against the funding . And of course , I 'm just certain we 'll see those Democrats criticized with the same fervor here in this forum as has been levied toward Bush . ) Other sources I 've read also state that the vote will have little practical effect because the city uses local funds for the partner registry .	I think we are all perfectly happy to criticise Democrats for not standing up to GOP homophobia ! Let 's not forget it was Bush who made gay people an issue here . It 's your GOP that 's the problem .	neutral	sarc
and you consider it drivel because ? the amendement reads : A well regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms , shall not be infringed . So it could be either with a literal reading of the amendement .	End the guessing right now . Do n't guess . The meaning of the 2nd Amendment is explained in two documents : 1 ) The Militia Act of 1792 and 2 ) Federalist Papers # 29 . Both of which was written by the same Congress and same men who wrote the 2nd Amendment , the Constitution , and established the political philosophy of our country . First the Militia Act states WE AREA ALL IN THE MILITIA and that all citizens bring thier own weapons . - http : //www.constitution.org/mil/mil_act_1792.htm The more broader philosophy and intent of the 2nd Amendment and the Militia Act is further explained in the Federalist # 29 . - http : //federalistpapers.com/federalist29.html These documents are the thoughts and intent of the men who wrote the 2nd Amendment . So gun control slime are guessing or trying to reinvent history when they think gun ownership is collective . None of these documents anywhere support the collective idea .	neutral	notsarc
That statement exposes your ludicrousy . First , you say you 're against killing children who do n't have a chance . Then you say the death of the Kurds and the WTC mean nothing to you . What chance did the children in the gassed Kurdish village have ? What chance did the children in the WTC Day Care Center have ?	The terrorists saw it as absolutly necessary . Personally , I disagree . When we kill children in Iraq , we see it as absolutly necessary , call it a horrible side effect of war . I disagree on that , too , I do n't think it is necessary at all .	neutral	notsarc
While most of the commonly held conjecture certainly fits the evidence at hand , there may be other explanations , explanations we have not even thought of yet , that also fit the evidence .	And none of those explanations have anything to do with a magic being who made everything out of nothing . Science should teach currently held theory .	disagree	sarc
Both Evolutionists and Creationists have the same `` facts '' and `` evidence . '' Our bias determines who we interpret them .	Well , in the case of a creationist , the bias determines what evidence will be discarded , what evidence will be twisted , what evidence will simply be ignored .	neutral	sarc
That is a lot , but I want gun control . I want : 1 ) Instant background checks . No waiting period . No cool off time . No central database of gun owners . 2 ) Larger budget for law enforcement for persecution of firearm offenders . No larger budget for law enforecemnt + unconstitutional gun laws on the same bill before Congress . 3 ) Expanded civilian training such as Civilian Marksmanship Program to include all manner of modern military weapons . 4 ) If the militia is the National Guard , then I want formal seperation of National Guard from Federal authority .	Here is the definition of pro : 1 : an argument or evidence in affirmation < an appraisal of the pros and cons > 2 : the affirmative side or one holding it You claim to be defending the right to bear arms . Yet you defend the very gun control laws that the gun haters want ! How are you defending the right to bear arms if you want the very same gun control laws as the gun haters ?	disagree	notsarc
The book does n't address it at all , this book written by a `` Christian '' who claims to be attempting to find common ground between God and evolution . ... . If you had a book by a creationist who claimed to compare evolution and Christianity , and spent almost the entire book searching scripture and ignoring evolution , would you come to the conclusion that he rejects evolution ?	Oh , so now you admit that you realize that the book is n't an exhaustive review of his entire belief system . Earlier you wanted to use lack of information against him ...	neutral	sarc
Only that many textbooks the over the whole world have used this famous example as “proof of evolution” . Many evolutionists have used this same argument .	Cite the books . As far as I know , the evolution of the peppered moths is used as an example of natural selection . You do n't seem to have understood . Again , cite the books . None I ever used ever claimed that it was proof of evolution .	disagree	notsarc
Did you know that in Siberia they are HAPPY that it’s getting warmer up there ?	Acutally global warming causes it to be hotter in the summer and colder in the winter , which is bad for any living thing .	disagree	notsarc
Not a coincidence , just a stupid population to look at to understand whether marijuana does or does not lead to `` harder '' drugs . And the word of some guy you heard about is how you draw conclusions ?	Oh , so this only happens here , huh ? Every single hardcore drug addict is here , huh ?	disagree	sarc
For two thousand years the bible has been disputed yet it still stands .	What do you mean by 'Yet it still stands ' ? Are you saying that it has ultimate authority , or it is simply a cultural fairy tale that so many are frightened to discard ?	disagree	notsarc
( 2 ) : the state of being united to a person of the same sex in a relationship like that of a traditional marriage < same-sex marriage >	Dictionary.com http : //dictionary.reference.com/browse/marriage	neutral	notsarc
The whole argument is weak unless gun control advocates are only pressing the issue due to accidental deaths .	No . The point is that doctors are more dangerous than guns , highlighting the stupidity of the anti-gun crowed who believe that guns should be outlawed because they are & # 8220 ; dangerous. & # 8221 ; Furthermore , if we wanted to include deliberate killing , we would have to include doctors who deliberately kill . And we would have to point out that many people who are killed with guns - should be killed ( violent criminals , for example ) . A few other education links are here : http : //www.aapsonline.org/press/medsentgun.htm http : //teapot.usask.ca/cdn-firearms/ ... n/doctors.html	neutral	notsarc
Here 's a picture of what erosion can do . http : //upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedi ... _Bend_1_md.jpg A nameless person here believes that a fossil eroding from the surface at the base of the cliff is of the same age as one found at the top of the cliff . After all , they are both found on the surface . But that 's the logic of creationism .	And you 're probably one of those kooks who thinks the colorado river carved the Grand Canyon over millions of years , right ? So tell me , how does the land erode in a place like this ? ( next link ) There 's nowhere for the sediment to go ! ... yet we have supposedly 65-90 million year-old creatures laying at or near the surface : http : //www.projectexploration.org/ni ... 12_01_2000.htm Not only that , but in the same area you 'll also find humans and cows at the surface : http : //www.projectexploration.org/ni ... 11_04_2000.htm `` Now what was a fossil cow skull doing in a place like this – an area rich in dinosaur bone more than 100 million years old ? More pieces of the puzzle were being picked up by other team members . Dave exclaimed gleefully , “Look , it’s human ! Part of the skull ! ” as he held high the curved plate of bone that shields the massive human brain . He never expected to find fossil humans on a dinosaur expedition . '' funny , is n't it , how the human and the dinosaur are at the surface ! Should n't there be at different stratas ? Should n't erosion have kicked in somewhere in between the death of the dinosaur and the death of the human , some 60 million years later ? ? ? ? ?	disagree	sarc
Ok.. In the see saw political battle in Kanas in the board of Education , the 'Creationist ' supports lost a couple of seats , and the pro-science group gained a couple .	I like that term `` pro-science . ''	agree	notsarc
In class I have to debate why if we were to start a new country why it should be socialistic . I do n't want this to turn into a debate , I only wants links and reasons on why we should go socialistic over capitalistic . Thanks for helping . *REMINDER* please do not turn this into a debate !	Socialism is a very broad category of political ideals , which particular form were you thinking of ? And just so you know , Fascism is not a form of socialism in any way . Socialism does not have oppressive governments . The purpose of socialism is to remove the class differences in society , if there is a small group of bureaucrats enforcing their will on the workers then that 's a class difference .	neutral	notsarc
`` Results . After adjustment , individuals in possession of a gun were 4.46 ( P < .05 ) times more likely to be shot in an assault than those not in possession . Among gun assaults where the victim had at least some chance to resist , this adjusted odds ratio increased to 5.45 ( P < .05 ) . Conclusions . On average , guns did not protect those who possessed them from being shot in an assault . Although successful defensive gun uses occur each year , the probability of success may be low for civilian gun users in urban areas . Such users should reconsider their possession of guns or , at least , understand that regular possession necessitates careful safety countermeasures . '' http : //works.bepress.com/cgi/viewcon ... dennis_culhane Not owning a gun makes me safer and two cherry picked 911 calls does not disprove that .	Tell that to Ruth Price . The murder rate in DC went up 200 % after the handgun ban . It dropped 50 % in Florida after Shall Issue laws were reinstated . You argue that people can not be trusted with guns , because they might injure themselves in accidents ( hence the 4.46 figure ) . My argument is that I 'd rather take my chances than be defenseless , because I 'm relatively sure that I wo n't shoot myself or anyone else by accident . I can not say that no one will every try to violently attack me or my family within the course of my life with the same certainty . Stop trying to protect people from themselves and start trying to protect them from criminals .	disagree	sarc
I wo n't even go into the reconstruction period and how your so called principal did n't even exist .	And I do n't expect you to . The reason you wo n't go into how all men were created equal during reconstruction is because you can not prove that all men are not created equal .	disagree	notsarc
Strange that you seem to miss the meaning of your own quotes . Of course the phrase , `` survival of the fittest '' is a tautology .	Which Darwin thought was a superior phrase .	disagree	notsarc
It is assumed here that this structure is the result of the hierarchical order of the interaction energies of the bases in codon–anticodon recognition . The proposed structure demonstrates that in the genetic code there is a balance between conservatism and innovation . Comparing aligned positions in homologous protein sequences two different behaviors are found : a ) There are sites in which the different amino acids present may be explained by one or two “attractor nodes” ( coding for the dominating amino acid ( s ) ) and their one–bit neighbors in the codon hypercube , and b ) There are sites in which the amino acids present correspond to codons located in closed paths in the hypercube . The structure of the code facilitates evolution : the variation found at the variable positions of proteins do not corresponds to random jumps at the codon level , but to well defined regions of the hypercube .	Article 8 : In this article it once again discusses the optimality of the code and a few fascinating conclusions were made . For example :	neutral	notsarc
... and is still struggling ... to draw any kind of scientific conclusion , even one drawn upon contrived and artificial conditions .	No no ; again , you do n't get it . He 's only struggling because of people like you who deny the obvious . Rather than listen to what Majerus says about Majerus 's project , you 're listening to Mr . Mistaken Coyne and the author of the the Science article , which does n't say what you think it says .	disagree	notsarc
To you , it may be an incorrect statement . But if it is , you have to tell me what it is you kill and take the life away from when you abort the zygote . Not knowing if it is being killed or not knowing someone wants to kill it makes no difference . Injustice is still practiced there , and not even some abortion doctors realize it .	Whoa , sparky . You said , `` A zygote is just as viable as a human being as a born baby . '' Maybe the word `` viable '' is what you and I have a different definition of . I say it means able to survive outside a uterus , without being totally reliant on umbilical blood flow , placenta , etc . A baby who is born is able to breathe and eat and live physically separated from another human being . Whether you think it matters or not is a different story , but a fetus is most definitely not as viable as a baby up until , well it varies - 38 weeks for sure and the probability is progressively less with each fewer number of weeks . I happen to think that distinction is crucial to the discussion here , because the body of another human is necessary for viability prior to a certain gestational age . To me , that is the crux of the argument . Maybe you did n't mean what I thought you meant when you used ( or misused ) the word viable . It 's a big word .	disagree	sarc
A population of bacteria would of course be better suited than another population if it could sense light .	Really ? Why ? Bacteria do n't need to see to exist . They do n't depend on light to live . In fact , bacteria thrive in dark , moist areas . Why would natural selection determine this ability as being advantageous ? If populations of bacteria with the ability to sense light are `` better suited '' than other bacteria , how many different types of light-sensing bacteria are there ?	disagree	notsarc
Worse , as Plato said , it is like a disease in the brain .	Let me get this straight . You are going on Plato saying that not beleiving in Zeus , Mars , Apollo , et al . is like a diease in the brain as supporting Christianity ?	disagree	notsarc
Sounds like you are talking about a human being .	Yes , as I’ve been debating about for the last four pages .	agree	notsarc
If a married couple does n't want a child , surgeries can take place to remove the possibility .	Really . 'surgeons ' should n't go starving less , or should they . Like *what* was God thinking when he created man & amp ; woman as well as He did ?	neutral	sarc
Legally there is a difference . But let 's just toss that out for a second . The end result is exactly the same . Eyes fogged over no longer care whether it was fun or self defense .	Well before there was a law someone came up with a difference , I did n't ask if they end result was the same , I asked if there was a difference in the two . Maybe a moral difference or something .	neutral	notsarc
No you face it . Science has managed to show that life and non-life are not distinct and are indeed simply a continuium of molecular complexity and function . There is no clear difference which can separate life from molecules which are generally NOT considered to be living . There is only matter and energy found in configurations of widely differing complexity thats it so far as matter/energy at the basic temperature range we exist in . Nobody is stumped by this at all . Indeed one might well declare that life is dead - except it sounds strange .	you 've got to be kidding me . This has got to be one of the absolute dumbest things I have heard . You are truly one confused individual if you ca n't tell there 's a distinct difference between a living thing and a nonliving thing -- that non-living things are missing something that living things have ... . Just because this difference can not be analyzed , measured or defined does not mean it 's not there . You ca n't analyze or define your thought patterns , dreams , brainwaves or consciousness either -- but that does not mean they are n't there . I think you 've lost it -- You may very well belong in a mental facility .	disagree	sarc
Changing definitions just to satisfy the ego of any one group is patently ridiculous . One might ask why we ca n't call ourselves female when we are actually male or why males should n't be allowed to enroll in an all girls school .	If I call somebody `` male '' , that restricts no rights from them . It does n't require they go to a separate place to get their rights . And quite frankly , insisting on keeping one definition FOR A RIGHT ( at the exclusion of gays ) is `` satisfying the ego '' of the homophobic group .	disagree	notsarc
Once again came from the article : “Many biologists start with theories and then test them in the field . Majerus takes the opposite and less fashionable approach : `` There 's another way of doing science , which is first find your organism and look at it incredibly closely , for a long time , in great detail and see what questions it asks you , '' he says.”	Do n't those science writers make things so clear for you people who have no idea of what science is or how it works ? Actually , what is tested is the hypothesis . It is tested by making a prediction of a necessary observation and then devising a test of the prediction . Only when the hypothesis is supported should it be called a theory .	neutral	notsarc
Since when has a big bang anywhere produced the order that we see in the Universe ? Big bangs can not produce the order that we see in the planets .	Would you like to learn how ?	neutral	notsarc
‘The 2nd Law of Thermodynamics began at the Fall’ . This law says that the entropy ( ‘disorder’ ) of the Universe increases over time , and some have thought that this was the result of the Curse . However , disorder isn’t always harmful . An obvious example is digestion , breaking down large complex food molecules into their simple building blocks . Another is friction , which turns ordered mechanical energy into disordered heat—otherwise Adam and Eve would have slipped as they walked with God in Eden ! A less obvious example to laymen might be the sun heating the Earth—to a physical chemist , heat transfer from a hot object to a cold one is the classic case of the Second Law in action . Also , breathing is based on another classic Second Law process , gas moving from a high pressure to low pressure . Finally , all beneficial processes in the world , including the development from embryo to adult , increase the overall disorder of the universe , showing that the Second Law is not inherently a curse . Death and suffering of nephesh animals before sin are contrary to the Biblical framework above , as are suffering ( or ‘groaning in travail’ ( Rom . 8:20–22 ) ) . It is more likely that God withdrew some of His sustaining power ( Col. 1:15–17 ) at the Fall so that the decay effect of the Second Law was no longer countered .	SO the 2nd law of thermodynamics did n't start at the fall , but it STILL disproves evolution ! ! !	neutral	sarc
Hey buddy ... I like what you are saying , but I ca n't understand much of it because you keep messing up the quotes . Please fix that so I can actually read what you 're saying . Thanks !	Sorry , taken care of .	neutral	notsarc
Originally posted by JFriday You are really going to hurt for that statement . WHERE ARE YOUR STATS BACKING THAT UP ? ! ? ! ? ! http : //www.crimereduction.gov.uk/statistics21.htm . Enjoy !	JFriday : In fairness , no one , pro or ant-gun can ever use UK stats to support thier argument again . Back in Jan '03 the UK government finally came clean and announced that they had been seriously fu**ing with crime statistics . You can make the argument that the UK state had something to hide with guncontrol and you would probably be right . Reliable information from UK ministries should now be accepted as less than credible .	neutral	notsarc
Any random change in a complex , specific , functioning system wrecks that system . And living things are the most complex functioning systems in the universe .	This is absurdity . I suppose then that medicine should wreak my body . How about viruses ? Am I destroyed by them ?	disagree	notsarc
It is now well established that the pattern of diversity at a molecular level conforms to a highly ordered hierarchic system . Each class at a molecular level is unique , isolated and unlinked by intermediates . Thus molecules , like fossils have failed to provide the elusive intermediates so long sought by evolutionary biology .	Try a google on cytochrome c .	neutral	notsarc
You are using the logical fallacy of 'equivication ' . While a scientific theory is an 'educated ' guess in some respects , it is much more than that . A scientific theory is a model to explain the observed facts , is testable , has been throughly tested , has explainatory powers , and has not been able to be falsified . That makes it much more than a mre 'educated guess ' .	Actually you are incorrect . I have heard this explanation before and at the risk of being rude its given by people who do n't actually under stand what is meant by `` testing a theory . '' You can not successfully test a theory . Once a theory has been successfully tested it is no longer a theory . When sceince refers to testing a theory it 's a process of creating an experiment using what they do know to find out what they do n't know , but it never proves the theory . It can often find another peice of the puzzle that when theorized can help support the theory , but that is not surprising given the theory was used as the experimental modul . As such the tests only provide additional information ( or education ) for the educational guess . Unfortuantly mathmatics and sceince use testing a theory in different ways and the layaman often confuses the two . In Mathematics it is possible to test and retest using different mathematical variables and come up with numerous examples of success and it still be a theory . The reason for this is that mathematics in itself is theoretical . By that meaning it is non-physical and can only be approximated . However such is not the case for science . I would not go so far as claim you are being equivocative because I think it’s ignorance not misrepresentation on your part . However , That’s the last I will talk about the term theory either people can accept the definition or not . Even if they disagree if they can not discuss within that frame work quite frankly they probably aren’t at the educational/critical level to discuss the concepts . If someone wants to prove me wrong simply give me a scientific theory that has been successfully tested .	disagree	notsarc
Wow , Scalia 's full of @ # $ # . `` The U.S. Constitution says nothing about homosexual bias . Thus , it is left up to Congress , state legislatures , and state constitutions to resolve the issue . '' Apparently he missed the 14th amendment which prohibits discrimination against ANY citizen . This is in the Constitution .	no it does n't ... where do you people get this from ! If says you have equal protection of the laws but this still does n't apply to gay marriage just like it does n't apply to 10 year olds getting married . Good grief this is sad . Have any of you ever taken a class or read a book on the constitution ?	disagree	sarc
Obviously all of them do not since some are so retarded that some animals are more intelligent than them ? Yes I am saying that retarded people are really humans . They have a brain/thoughts/personality .	My point is the embryo and zygote have potential to think . Their brain activity ( none ) is completely normal for their stage of development . Infants don’t know much , but their brain activity is normal for their age . It doesn’t make them less of a human because they think less .	neutral	notsarc
and you can quite easily ( and do every day ) , reason something to a false conclusion .	Demonstrated by your postings .	neutral	sarc
Do I need to go into detail about what organs necessery to survival are ?	Most certainly . The fact that you think that it is unnecessary only underlines your ignorance . Why do n't you discuss beetle lungs for us . Those are organs necessary for the survival of both bears and cheetahs . How about livers . Same story . Thyroid ? Pituitary ? Pancreas ? Go for it .	disagree	sarc
** Funny how you can dismiss something as 'just a matter of semantics ' when you admit you have n't even read it . Try this link -- http : //www.sciencedaily.com/releases ... 0611154001.htm	point·less point·less [ póyntl & # 601 ; ss ] adj 1. without purpose or benefit : having no purpose , use , or sense , or any positive or beneficial effect	disagree	sarc
Can we test the hypothesis ? Absolutely .	According to Coyne and according to Mike Gene , the author of your article , Absolutely NOT .	disagree	notsarc
Yep it is easy . Lizards did n't evolve an avian lung . This should be easy for the creationist : The avian lung is far more efficient than the mammalian lung . Why did n't your god therefore fit the superior lung design to mammals , especially that apparent `` special creation '' , us humans ? Also please explain why he fitted a superior eye design to squid and octupuses than what he fitted to all vertibrates . Once you have answered these two easy questions , I 've a few hundred more for you	Only an atheist is arrogant enough to presume to question why God decided to do that . The greatest scientist in history said about the order of the universe : The Author of the system must have found it convenient . Birds did not evolve one either . They were created with it up an running .	disagree	sarc
The article makes it clear it was circulated at many chuches . Just because some members sign it does n't mean that the churches themselves ( as governed bodies ) officially sanction it .	Really ? DId you read the article ? excert : Some people who signed by petitions on Sunday said they felt pressured . One woman who did not want to be identified said that others at her church who tried not to sign were harassed by church elders who were circulating the forms . `` I did n't want to be singled out , '' she told 365Gay.com . `` I just signed it and hoped that would be the end of it . ''	disagree	sarc
... it should be banned . However , in the course of banning the right the choose abortion allowances must be made . These are in regards to providing for the pregnant couple the services they need . I also think some `` PR '' work would need to be done to accomplish the destigmatization of unwed mothers so they really felt like they could unshamefully carry a child to term . Of course , I understand some folks think that they should be ashamed to be having sex outside of marriage , but the point here is to decrease the need for abortions . Get rid of the reasons why people have abortions and then ban abortion . Anyone want to live in Utopia ?	There are all kinds of social services , religious and otherwise available that will provide assistance to any woman who wants to carry her baby to term ... ... .. When pro abortion people use that as and argument it is just a red herring and smoke screen ... ... ..	neutral	notsarc
Wez it does n't matter whether they are legal or not . You can still get them . If keeping them illegal has worked at all I would say go for it , but it has n't . If I want a drug I can get a drug in about an hour . The same goes for any of you .	Legalising them would increase use however . Most people ca n't get hard drugs easily . If they get hard drugs at all , it 's still a lot harder to get hard drugs , than say alcohol . Then there 's the risk factor . Most people are n't willing to take that and risk becoming embroiled with dealers . I do n't particularly want an increase in hard drug use . -Wez	disagree	notsarc
Would you call yourself a moral relativist ?	Why should I call myself that since everyone on the planet is as well ?	disagree	sarc
Um ... What does this has to do with gun-control ?	How can one `` defend the constitution '' If he does not exercise the rights identified in the constitution ... The 2nd amendment ... ..	neutral	notsarc
How about : A woman wakes up to find herself connected to a body . A body without a brain , which is using her own organs to be alive . Doctors are preparing to transplant a brain from a dying violinist into this new one connected to her and the date is set in the future . Would it be morally correct to disconnect herself and kill this body that has no identity , mind , consciousness or existence in actuality ?	Yes , in my view , it would be morally correct since it has no brain and , in my definition , is not a person with rights . However , if she does n't want to support the violinist in that future , she has the responsibility to disconnect from ( and therefore kill ) that brainless body before the brain gets transplanted . Otherwise , if she waits to disconnect until it is too late , she would be guilty of killing the violinist ( a person ) .	neutral	notsarc
Fortunately , the Bolshevik Revolution failed . 1989 , the Berlin Wall came a-tumbling down , along with Soviet Ideology . Communism is a failed philosophy and the free world has soundly rejected it .	Socialsim and Communism in the Soviet Union failed because the USSR spent its entire existence recovering from war . The country was bombed to hell by Germany twice , around the time of the world wars . The united states put unspeakable amounts of money into their war machine , which forced the Soviets to do the same . I , for one , would buy a gun If I knew my neighbor had six , and he wanted me dead . The CIA and American military carried out immoral operations in 60+ countries since 1945 . The soviet KGB , as far as I know , has only been in Germany , korea , China , and Afgahnistan .	neutral	notsarc
Good for you ! ! ! Now stand aside for those who think otherwise . We in the pro-choice camp salute and respect the choices you make ; now we demand equal respect from you for the choice we make .	Beg pardon . I guess that after a re-read that did sound pretty pompous .	neutral	notsarc
You 're never going to convince pro-lifers that the intential termination of a pregnancy is ok ( save maybe in a few instances ) . Why would you think that pro-lifers would see this as an `` alternative . '' What is it an alternative to . It 's obviously not an alternative to the intentional termination of the natural process of pregnancy , which is what pro-lifers object to .	Well , I am not really going to convince anyone in anything - the info I placed in this thread is for consideration . Whether someone in need will decide to act based on that info - is his personal choice . Dry fasting is an alternative to the intentional termination of the first pregnancy because it turns this `` termination '' into a process that has nothing to do with criminal practices of modern days doctors . To make things more clear I will attempt to put it in adored by many `` good citizens '' terminology . The girl who is pregnant for the first time and enters the dry fasting kind of `` asks the God for forgiveness '' . It 's not a secret to anyone that young people do make mistakes , and often that happens just because there were neither parents no society who was able to teach them some basic things about sex and elementary spiritual safety practices . Even a fool can understand that , why would n't a God ? One can think of it as if the girl asks God to postpone her time of having a child : there is no killing , no crime . When the embryo dissolves a human has no relation to this process , it is the decision of the organism , it is the decision of those Above . And in case of a first pregnancy this decision is : the soul of a baby goes back , it may have another opportunity to incarnate into the human body . In addition , such procedure brings a number of other benefits such as health - unlike surgical knife stories ... Vitalij	neutral	notsarc
Gun control is NOT about a government trying to disarm a people so that government can be tyrannical . It is about trying to disarm people so that people can not be .	I find this a fairly accurate summation of the goal of Hitler’s “final solution.” Of course , Brady , you offer no evidence of how widespread individual firearm ownership became in the 5 years before Hitler “rose to power” when it became legal to possess firearms again . One would think that your argument would have at least considered this factor—but I won’t fault you because all you have done is borrowed an un-sourced argument . Brady , this is just more cut and paste , this time largely from the website guninformation.org . For example , the statement	disagree	notsarc
Anyway , my perfect image of God has cost me years of pain with a more recent almost crippling of my right leg followed by 7 hours of surgery ( including 11 inches of surgical incision - front and back ) to correct my perfection by removing the debris left by two disintegrating disks and inserting two steel frame disks and screwing two steel rods into my vertebrae in the gutter on either side of my spine . The muscles that used to lie in those gutters are sutured over the top , and they are not happy with their new position .	i 'm truly sorry to hear about your pain and i hope your recovery comes soon . i think the most popular justification people give for their atheism ( i 'm not saying youre an atheist ) is `` if God exist , why is their so much pain/suffering/ [ negativity ] '' . this justification apeals to the majority of `` layman '' ateists more than anything else last week my wife took our 2-year old son to the store . on the way back , just as they were coming to the entrance of our building , she let go of his hand so he could run ahead inside . instead , he ran down the sidewalk , between 2 parked cars and into the street . at the same time a car was coming up the street , didnt even see our son , and never even slowed down . when my wife ran out to get him , he had stayed close to the parked car and out of the way . had he run into the street he would have vry likely been killed . this somehow miraculous escape from tragedy has strengthened my wife 's faith in God strange enough , if ( God forbid ) things had gone wrong and our son had stopped in the middle of the street , it is very likely that she would question God 's existence . this is also the reason why atheism is more like a religion . through emotional experiences , rather than deduction and reasoning , people decide whether God exists or not . it also has to do with perception , since there are christians who suffer afflictions similar to yours , and it only strengthens their faith . yes , emotional stimuli affect all of us , usually with more impactful effects than physical trauma . and yes , we expect a God of spiritual power to appeal to us at least in the emotional sense ( since it is the only form of contact believers have with God anyway ) , and if God can not be there on an emotional level , then is he really there at all ? i think its incorrect to determine that God exists ( or not ) solely on the tragedy that we experience . a miraculous escape from death does not strengthen the case for God 's existence . likewise , a devastating tragedy does not strengthen the case for his non-existence	neutral	notsarc
funny that all proponents of abortion for unwanted pregnancies talk about abortion as if being a political statement : I control my body . Funny that they never think that the reason most women need an abortion was because they could n't control their legs and kept them crossed . They can not control their lust , so much for body control .	Which , we suppose , in your mind releases the sperm donor of any responsibility whatsoever , right ? Is n't it interesting that your solution for the abortion issue demands that women deny their sexuality while permitting men to run the gamut of theirs . Does this attitude , of which you are not the only proponent , stem from a hatred or a fear of women ?	neutral	notsarc
So , you think there is a God ? Bad design does not equate to no design . It really is a poor argument . Much of the force of Darwin 's arguments deal with bad design . I invite anyone to post any of Darwin 's arguments that specifically outline his case against design because of `` bad '' design . That said , consider this , your car is said to operate at 25 % fuel efficiency . One could claim then the car is 75 % bad design , therefore it is not designed , and if it is , certainly not by anyone of any intelligence . Your audio CD 's have Reed-Solomon error correction because the read/write process is full of errors that need correcting . Cleary this is `` bad design '' that engineers would create read/write heads that make so many errors in the first place . Same with modems and host of other devices . Clearly if in the remote chance these bad designs are evidence of design , the designers must be clueless ! Poorly designed dramas have villains and heroes . Clearly a drama ( even a divine drama ) is poorly designed if it has villains in the story . All the characters should be Pollyanna and there should be no great tragedies on the road to a happy ending . Life and the Divine drama , like CD 's and cars , are clearly not designed , or at least not designed by anyone with intelligence , because of all the bad design woven into the designs . The reason audio CD 's have so many read/write errors which are corrected Reed-Solomon error correction ( somewhat like us reading someone 's writing and mentally correcting spelling and grammar errors ) is that it is the most optimal way to get as much data on a CD as possible . The tightest packing of data implies the highest amount of errors based on the Shannon capacity theorem . The Mp3 's and JPEGS are even more `` error '' prone in that they are inexact representations of the original sound or picture , but the goal was not fidelity but compactness . A similar consideration is for the 75 % inefficiency for cars . The goal is for higher acceleration and agility and cost , etc. , not fuel efficiency . The point is `` bad '' design , in the grand scheme of things , might not be bad design after all . The high rate of sickness and death , the eventual death of the universe as predicted by the 2nd law of thermodynamics are not evidences that the Designer is unwise , any more than the many errors in the read/write process of audio CD suggests the engineers of those devices are incompetent . Origin of Species Chapter 13 : There is another and equally curious branch of the present subject ; namely , the comparison not of the same part in different members of a class , but of the different parts or organs in the same individual . Most physiologists believe that the bones of the skull are homologous with that is correspond in number and in relative connexion with the elemental parts of a certain number of vertebrae . The anterior and posterior limbs in each member of the vertebrate and articulate classes are plainly homologous . We see the same law in comparing the wonderfully complex jaws and legs in crustaceans . It is familiar to almost every one , that in a flower the relative position of the sepals , petals , stamens , and pistils , as well as their intimate structure , are intelligible in the view that they consist of metamorphosed leaves , arranged in a spire . In monstrous plants , we often get direct evidence of the possibility of one organ being transformed into another ; and we can actually see in embryonic crustaceans and in many other animals , and in flowers , that organs which when mature become extremely different , are at an early stage of growth exactly alike . How inexplicable are these facts on the ordinary view of creation ! Why should the brain be enclosed in a box composed of such numerous and such extraordinarily shaped pieces of bone ? As Owen has remarked , the benefit derived from the yielding of the separate pieces in the act of parturition of mammals , will by no means explain the same construction in the skulls of birds . Why should similar bones have been created in the formation of the wing and leg of a bat , used as they are for such totally different purposes ? Why should one crustacean , which has an extremely complex mouth formed of many parts , consequently always have fewer legs ; or conversely , those with many legs have simpler mouths ? Why should the sepals , petals , stamens , and pistils in any individual flower , though fitted for such widely different purposes , be all constructed on the same pattern ? On the theory of natural selection , we can satisfactorily answer these questions . Homology was a pre-darwinian idea with the term coined by Owen who rather despised Darwin and his ideas . Darwin tries to argue why a Designer would not use the same for the same function . He says homology is evidence of an unwise design . The premise is a Creator would n't be so inefficient . But , unless one has a handle on the teleological goal , one is free to fabricate all manner of `` bad design '' arguments ( for example read/write errors in audio CD 's or fuel inefficient cars ) . The Biotic Message Theory suggest the teleological goal for biotic reality is to communicate to humans that there is one Designer and author of life , and that life could not have evolved . Like a great novel , the `` imperfections '' of biology are part of a larger plot . It is turning out , Darwin 's argument from homology is a concept in crisis .	You are assuming that the TOE of evolution has remained static since Darwins time . I have to say that is false . We have 150 years of experimental data beyond that . In addition , we not only have the arguement from homology , but we have genetic data to back it up . So sorry , but you struck out .	disagree	notsarc
Why not ?	Because they would not be performing homosexual acts any longer . homosexual : of , relating to , or characterized by a tendency to direct sexual desire toward another of the same sex God takes away wrongful desires . Therefore , someone who was previously `` homosexual '' would not be considered `` homosexual '' anymore .	neutral	notsarc
Lines 1 and 2 may be correct , thereafter your logic only holds good if all you want to do is believe the Bible is accurate in all degrees . AS people do sin the rest does n't follow	But , there is no 'fall from Grace ' . And it seems what 'sin ' is depends on who you talk to . SO , Yes , the rest follows .	neutral	notsarc
Poor child , is your only response to evidence you ca n't refute always going to be to start new baiting and complaining threads like this one , so you can attack creationists from a different direction without responding to the evidence that you ca n't answer ?	Dunno . It 's not like any evidence has ever been presented , so how can we say ?	neutral	notsarc
Did man descend from a blob of life ? If so how ?	I think one blob attatched to another blob , and then those blobs joined together to create a group of blobs ... scientifically speaking .	neutral	notsarc
The Pope is not biased and never has been . That does n't even make any sense .	I think her point was that the pope is biased because he 's catholic .	neutral	notsarc
and consider that nobody likes to make this decision and nobody wants to kill a human life , life just sometimes has unfortunate circumstances . We are not barbaric killers , just people who make mistakes like everybody else .	I 'm a little confused by this and it seems you may be confused yourself . If you have so much doubt about your decision then perhaps you are n't making the correct one . Often times people conflict with what they want and what they know to be right . I really hate how some pro-lifers go around talking hate to people that have abortions ... .yes it is wrong but so is making someone feel worthless . Regardless of what a pro-lifer does , abortion is still going to be wrong ... I think many people miss this point . If some pushy , arrogant , selfish , a-hole came up to me and started preaching to me how theft is wrong I would probably be turned off by him but I would still have to realize that it is n't these people that decide what is wrong ... .right and wrong just are what they are ( an absolute if you will ) . Since you do n't believe in a God you say you trust your heart . I can advise that you should be careful of this as some tend to make their heart believe what is right is what they want ... .a foolish mistake . Anyway , it seems like we are all trying to suck to you here ... I doubt you will change your mind but it seems you are confused and should probably give it another week atleast . Hope this helps ... if you wanted any help that is	disagree	notsarc
LOL ! 1 . You have a mistaken Ockham 's Razor .	Really ? Except for that one point , I believe I got it entirely right .	disagree	notsarc
# 4 - How do we know without a doubt the world is billions of years old ?	How do we know anything for sure ? We ca n't be certain of the Earth 's age in billions of years , but we can use carbon dating to figure out it 's older then 55,000 years , which refutes creationism .	neutral	notsarc
Originally published in Science Express on 17 May 2007 Science 8 June 2007 : Vol . 316. no . 5830 , pp . 1484 - 1488 DOI : 10.1126/science.1138341 Prev | Table of Contents | Next Reports RNA Maps Reveal New RNA Classes and a Possible Function for Pervasive Transcription Philipp Kapranov,1 Jill Cheng,1 Sujit Dike,1 David A. Nix,1 Radharani Duttagupta,1 Aarron T. Willingham,1 Peter F. Stadler,2 Jana Hertel,2 Jörg Hackermüller,3 Ivo L. Hofacker,4 Ian Bell,1 Evelyn Cheung,1 Jorg Drenkow,1 Erica Dumais,1 Sandeep Patel,1 Gregg Helt,1 Madhavan Ganesh,1 Srinka Ghosh,1 Antonio Piccolboni,1 Victor Sementchenko,1 Hari Tammana,1 Thomas R. Gingeras1* Significant fractions of eukaryotic genomes give rise to RNA , much of which is unannotated and has reduced protein-coding potential . The genomic origins and the associations of human nuclear and cytosolic polyadenylated RNAs longer than 200 nucleotides ( nt ) and whole-cell RNAs less than 200 nt were investigated in this genome-wide study . Subcellular addresses for nucleotides present in detected RNAs were assigned , and their potential processing into short RNAs was investigated . Taken together , these observations suggest a novel role for some unannotated RNAs as primary transcripts for the production of short RNAs . Three potentially functional classes of RNAs have been identified , two of which are syntenically conserved and correlate with the expression state of protein-coding genes . These data support a highly interleaved organization of the human transcriptome .	And the introductory paragraph is interesting also .	neutral	notsarc
Have you forgotten to take your meds today ? Because your chemical imbalance is evident . Is this necessary ? Is it within the rules ? Should I report you to the moderators ?	Feel free samiinh . After all , chemist asked me the same question just yesterday pertaining to the same subject . And the same question about being angry at an allegedly non existent God applies to you too .	disagree	sarc
I am against abortion because I think that the feotus is alive , though not fully human , and I do n't think it is right to dispose of the feotus on a whim , for personal convenience .	Not to derail the thread so soon [ cause I 'd like to learn and discuss as many reasons and basis as are out `` there '' for this position ( personally against but prochoice ) ] but ... . What do you mean by `` fully human '' ? Why do you think the fetus is not fully human ? Also , why do you place any value in the life of a fetus ?	neutral	notsarc
And Budweiser is directly responsible for more cases of vehicular homicide , liver failure , spousal abuse and drunken brawls , than any of Browning 's designs could ever be used for . Try again little man , try again .	So ? MLK didnt die by beer A Red Herring is a fallacy in which an irrelevant topic is presented in order to divert attention from the original issue . The basic idea is to `` win '' an argument by leading attention away from the argument and to another topic .	disagree	sarc
Then how do we morally judge God ?	That 's kind of the point ... to morally judge would mean they that being is on the same level or beneath you . It does n't make sense for the servant to such a thing .	neutral	notsarc
Pretend that you are not biased all you want , the bias is unmistakable . I also do not claim that proof for God exists , only that we should consider the possibility . More questions , not less , are always preferable .	You can consider it all you want philosophically , you just ca n't figure it into science , not at present . It 's not as though Creationists have any idea how to test Intelligent Design , because `` Goddidit ! '' is n't a scientific theory . And no matter how much ID Creationists like to pretend they are n't all about god and biblical creation , they are transparent in their disingenuity .	neutral	sarc
the only stupid gun laws are the laws that arent strict enough like the law that gun nuts wanted that would allow children to tote around assault rifles how stupid can you be	We explained to you ( more than once ) that federal law ( which says otherwise ) always trumps local law .	disagree	notsarc
Rationalizing again It is still worse then alcohol with one beer or even 2 beers a day ( which is pretty much average for a person of non-college age ) . You have a guy drink a beer a day and a guy smoke up a day and see the difference in 50yrs ... you will know which one is the weed addict .	Rationalizing ? I guess so , since I 'm trying to explain why it 's silly for it to be illegal . But , guess what , you are rationalizing why beer is legal . And you 're SO WRONG about drinking beer for 50 years . Drink enough beer to get a buzz and smoke enough pot to get a buzz every day and the beer drinker will be worse off . But you and I both know that all this depends on the person . If you want to limit it to a beer a day then I can limit it to one toke a day . There you go ... If weed is good enough , one or two tokes is all you need . You probably got WAY less tar than a cigarette and you did n't tax your liver with alcohol . ( You also did n't tax your kidneys and GI tract with caffiene . ) [ quote ] I 've lost 2 friends to weed and my gf has actually had a friend get his head blown off so you probably wo n't convince me it is a good drug ... . [ /quote } Good lord , let 's all go watch Reefer Madness everyone . Please , explain how you `` lost '' these friends `` to weed . '' If your friend of a friend got his head blown off , that had everything to do with it being ILLEGAL ... But really dude , you 're making this up anyway and it 's silly .	neutral	notsarc
the author attempts to make parallels and draw contrasts that don & # 8217 ; t exist . For example,1 ) if liberals are such strong supporters of & # 8220 ; equality as a fundamental right & # 8221 ; why do they promote policies that favor one group over another ? Affirmative Action , graduated income tax , the list goes on and on .	Ummm because those policies were enacted in an attempt to even out the playing field . I assume you felt it was already even and therefore unnecessary or is that an example of conservative bias ?	neutral	notsarc
1 ) Life will NEVER arise out of non-life .	So creationism denies what God says in Genesis 1 . That 's a fact . I 'm a Christian , so for you , that 's strike 1 .	neutral	notsarc
I think it best not to jump to conclusions about things you do n't know .	You jump to conclusions all the time .	neutral	notsarc
But you may need to take a few classes on how to analyze historical documents and Hermeneutics before you get it .	If the evidence is so weak that you have to take classes on the subject in order to be able to `` see '' the connection , that 's not very good evidence .	neutral	sarc
The Daily Beacon There 's absolutely no way in hell this could be legal in any sense . That California school got ***** slapped for expelling a student who had a gun off campus , beyond the jurisdictional reach of the school . So how can this school believe they can get away with such an insane policy ?	Hummm , student athletes not all students . They got big problems .	neutral	sarc
Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar 's and to God the things that are God 's . And good moral character is one of the things to render unto God . So , the answer is there is a higher Law than the Constitution . God rules !	Sure , that 's what you believe . But the Constitution is what this country is founded on , so naturally laws should reflect it . If you personally choose to live your life in accordance to the bible , that 's fine . But the Bible , like many other foreign documents , has no place in politics . Religious influence in government is highly un-American .	neutral	sarc
For obvious reasons we Christians have always been adamant supporters of civil liberties when it comes to freedom of religion . We have even managed to be consistent in this principle by not opposing the rights of Buddhists , New Agers , or even Satanists to meet , because we realize that to do so would equally undercut our own right to assemble . Perhaps the thought of undermining religious freedom sends through our minds flashes of those days when the Emperor Nero used to ignite Christians as human torches to light the streets of Rome at night . The persecutions against the early church have ingrained into our Christian consciousness the incredible value of living under a government that protects the interests of religion . But in the case of civil same-sex marriage , instead of recognizing the civil rights issue at stake here , we oppose the idea , quoting Bible verses and appealing to morals , nature , tradition , history , and the fear that Western civilization as we know it will come crashing to the ground . All of these arguments are related , of course . They are an appeal to that part of American society in which Judeo-Christian values are still deeply rooted . For even in America at the dawning of the 21st century , many people 's understanding of morality and nature still reflect the vestiges of the Western Christendom of our heritage , as do their ideas of tradition , history and an ideal society . We do not , however , argue against civil same-sex marriage in the spirit of calm persuasion . There is desperation in our tone . There is also a great deal of fear and mean-spiritedness in our rhetoric , to the point where we even accuse homosexuals ( without much proof , I might add ) of being child molesters and sexual predators , and of seeking to corrupt our youth by recruiting them into their `` lifestyle . '' There are probably many people who think they are justified in having such fears , but it seems to me it is more than just paranoia that feeds our frenzy . We feel deeply threatened , for we sense that we are losing the battle . Not simply the battle against homosexuals , but the battle to hang on to what we still think of as `` Christian America . '' At one time in this country we could count on quoting a verse from Genesis or Leviticus before Congress or the Supreme Court and that would be the end of the debate . No more . The consensus of common biblical values on which we had once depended is giving way to the pluralism of a postmodern society . And seeing the disastrous handwriting on the wall , we have become politically desperate , and so we lunge at the enemies of Christendom with a ferocity that rivals that of even the most radical gay activists .	The other articles on her website are also well worth reading : Musings on Christianity , Homosexuality & amp ; the Bible	neutral	notsarc
3 . ) I do n't lie dude . 4 . ) Because we do n't give the response you would like is not wrong .	That has nothing to do with acknowledging or not acknowledging facts .	disagree	notsarc
oh , it 's obvious that non-darwinists have no affect on you guys . Nothing will ever change your mind because your mind is not made up on the evidence ... it 's made up on your worldview and your belief in materialism .	Oh the irony ... .	disagree	sarc
Wells ( who holds doctorates in biology and theology ) shows how Darwin reasoned that evolution is true because divine Creation `` must '' be false -- a theological assumption oddly out of place in a scientific debate .	Whether Darwin did or did n't reason this ( and he did n't ) is irrelevant ; the fact remains that the evidence supports evolution .	neutral	sarc
My belief is that abortion should n't be a right , but it should n't be something that 's criminal if the reasons are justifiable . I think it should be treated akin to homicide , you do n't get punished if your actions were truly justified .	And who gets to decide if it is `` justified '' ? Rest assured that the right-wing fundies wo n't allow YOU to do so for yourself .	disagree	sarc
It 's a step toward legal same-sex marriage in another jurisdiction . As it becomes legal in more areas , an amendment will be more difficult .	Well let 's see . . . the last time a state started recognizing gay marriages , suddenly there was more support for a Federal Marriage Amendment than ever , Democrats lost more seats in Congress , the minority Democratic leader was defeated after years in office , a protestant presidential candidate carried the Catholic vote against a Catholic candidate , evangelicals in the country were energized , the pro-FMA candidate WON re-election even though his approval rating was 50 % , and the state that recognized gay marriage fell under a slew of legal challenges to the point where it 's up in the air again . The more you push you agenda through activist judges , the closer you get to the people having to pass an amendment . At least New York was smart enough not to do it right before an election .	neutral	notsarc
At the current rate of sedimentation , the accumulation of sedimentation from the continents `` implies that the present ocean floors have existed less than 15 million years . '' Fossil evidence supports the current rate of sedimentation . ( Science says the age of the ocean floors is around 200 million years old ) .	So he `` overlooks '' plate tectonics twice ? He 's either ignorant or a liar . Some might say both . Knowing his other work as I do , I say both .	neutral	notsarc
I look forward to be edumacated on the subject . Waxy	Richard Dawkins examines Rev . William Paley 's ( the originator of Intelligent Design ? ) theory in `` The Blind Watchmaker '' and takes it apart with ruthless logic .	neutral	notsarc
It does seem that the dominoes are starting to tumble .	Yes it does but I have a feeling that it will take the bulldozer of the SCOTUS to make the 11 dominoes of the old confederacy +Utah fall down .	agree	notsarc
And how would you know this Archie ? Have you been stopped for speeding and asked to sign one ? How fast were you going ? Bet it was more than 35 mph !	Actually , YES I HAVE ! Not recently , but every time a cop has ever told me to sign a ticket he has made it clear that signing it is n't an admission of guilt , just an acknowledgment of receiving it . It is SOP for cops to say this with every ticket which requires a signature . And these cops said it to her also . She 's either stupid or was looking for any lousy excuse to refuse to cooperate , and then justify her refusal to cooperate with them which is why the Court rejected her argument and threw out her case ala they upheld her conviction and nullified her attempt to unlawfully enrich herself over an issue which she caused herself . Only a knee jerk and emotionally bent liberal like you would defend a scavenger like her who will create any bogus issue possible to make an illegal buck from a fallacious claim .	neutral	notsarc
I have guns for hunting , which is something I like to do . I have guns for target shooting , which is a hobby of mine . I have the right to own firearms , which I do not need to justify the ownership of . That is my answer to the original topic . But to you other people ... damn . Why do `` gun enthusiests '' or `` gun lovers '' have to get to get so damn ignorant when someone states they disagree with you . Why is anyone who challenges your supreme wisdom and beliefs automatically a `` gun hater '' ? The reason for a militia was that at the time our country was small comparatively speaking about other nations . We needed a militia because our army was small , and if we did not have a militia , it was possible that france , germany , england , or spain would have come over , kicked our XXX , and taken our country for themselves . THIS IS AN OUT OF DATE IDEA . Do we have the right to have a gun ... yes , i 'm glad for that . Do we have the right to protect our property and loved ones ... yes . Do we need guys in camo running around in south dakota with guns preparing for an invasion from Iran ... HELL NO . Our country is bigger , has a bigger military , and we would now know if the Iranian military was attacking us before they left their own country . We no longer have to worry about `` invasion '' by another nation . IMHO , it is the the modern quasi-militia type people and those who are continuously stocking up on sterno , camo , ammo , and NBC gear that are the major problem in this country that makes everybody else wonder why we allow our citizens to still carry guns . You can own guns responsibly , the can be a source of entertainment , and a great hobby . But seriously guys ... what is wrong with someone questioning why we have guns ? Some of your responses make ALL gun owners look like paranoid , itchy people just waiting for the russians to come . GROW UP .	Why would gun haters like gun hater pilot say there are reasons to have guns ? To answer this a person must know that the only reason the 2nd amend gives to bear arms is it is your right to ! The 2nd amend does not say people must be in a militia to bear arms ! The 2nd amend does not say people need guns for self defense ! The 2nd amend does not say people need guns to hunt with ! The 2nd amend does not say people need guns to target shoot with ! Gun hater pilot will then later start saying since we have a standing army there is no reason for militias . Gun hater pilot will then say hey we have police to protect us , so why do people need guns to defend themselves . Gun hater pilot will then say we have grocery store so why do people need to hunt ? Gun hater pilot will then say why do you need to target shoot if you no longer need guns to hunt or defend yourself ? Gun hater pilot will continue adding why do you need guns reasons until the reason gun hater pilot said are gone . It is always interesting how gun haters like gun hater pilot apply the common sense lie to banning the right to bear arms . What gun hater pilot will never apply the common sense thing is to demand that dangerous criminals be removed from the streets of America to make it safe . The only paranoid people are the gun haters that want to ban the right to bear arms of law abiding citizens . Notice gun hater pilot did state if you can not trust one person you must suspect all people ! That is what being paranoid is !	neutral	sarc
The one where he bragged about defeating Henry Morris , a Christian ?	Oh , you did n't read the part where he distanced himself from atheism ? The one where he explained that evolution is compatible with theism ? I guess you missed it ... It was only , you know , the vast majority of the book .	disagree	sarc
Is your point that citizens should be allowed to have guns to defend themselves from the government or that citizens should be allowed to have guns to protect themselves from other citizens ? As for protecting form the government , I highly doubt that the U.S. military would be used to massacre U.S. citizens because its actions are far too public . It certaintly is possible that a more secretive organization such as the NSA would be able to carry out plans such as the ones which you described in other countries . However , do you think it would be possible for ordinary citizens armed with firearms to stop the highly trained employees of the NSA ? As for protection from other citizens , I think that the government should allow this , but I also think that people should n't have guns . So if the number of guns owned by citizens in the U.S. were to decrease , I would want it to be a voluntary change , not one forced by the government . There should still be gun regulation just as there is regulation of any product on the market .	You might want to pick up a history book and read it . Try reading both the Federalist and Anti-Federalist Papers for starters . If you were familiar with them , then you would 've already had the answer to your first question . Your selective memory is at work again . As I recall , in Waco military vehicles and equipment were used against the Branch Davidians . Nevermind the presence of members of Delta Force which was denied , at first , by the government . Then they were caught lying again about using flammable tear gas which , ironically enough , is banned by the Geneva Convention for use against enemy troops . In the end , the 'open and shut case ' the government thought they had , blew up in their faces because of their lies and abuses . I also recall , at some point around the time of the Great Depression that U.S. troops were called out to quell food riots in New York , I think it was . There were a couple of young officers present by the name of MacArthur and Patton , I believe . There are a few other instances I 'm sure . I note your glee about secret agencies and their awesome firepower in which mere citizens would be defenseless against . Is your closet full of brown shirts ? You must be proud . Huh ? You 're for protecting yourself against other citizens as long as it does n't involve guns ? Of course , that would n't apply to the criminal that you 're protecting yourself against ! Why do n't you read how well your gun bans are working in other countries ? Regulation ? The only regulation should be mandatory firearms training for all citizens like in Switzerland . Not the 'regulation ' that you liberals would propose which , of course , always leads to an outright ban of private ownership . Why do you fear the 'people ' ? It does n't matter what you think , the second amendment is clear enough all by itself . Try reading the Constitution again .	neutral	sarc
Look at Hawaiian Honeycreepers . Willful ignorance is a way of life . Hawaiian honeycreeper : Information from Answers.com	That 's a good argument , just post a link and hope that people accept it as a real argument . Show me where a new body part has evolved .	neutral	sarc
They do provide many more services than providing abortions : P	Yet according to PP themselves , they provide FAR more abortions and EC services than any of their other services . : P PPFA Services ( 2002-2003 ) Surgical abortions : 227,385 Emergency contraception : 633,756 Prenatal care : 15,860 Adoption referrals : 1,963 ( Source : www.plannedparenthood.org )	neutral	notsarc
By all means , do n't try to redefine marriage and the problem is solved .	Exactly .	agree	notsarc
Though it does n't really say why , the Bible says that is what will happen . See Matthew 7 :13,14 . It 's part of God 's plan . Free will .	What 's this ? Do we really get to pick apart the free will defense now ?	neutral	sarc
To have a fin and a finger will not allow for survival . This mutated animal will find itself unable to flee it 's preditors .	Really ? So because you do n't understand how evolution takes place it must not be true . Because you have n't invested enough effort to learn what you are talking about , it must not be true . `` POOF '' is a much better answer for you because you do n't have to think . You have the answer to every question , your goddidit !	disagree	sarc
I really have to commend AIG in that they did not list `` Dr. '' Kent Hovind , `` Dr. '' Carl Baugh , `` Dr. '' Don Patton . However , the AIG does list Thomas Barnes who 's highest earned degree is an MS in physics , his Sc.D being honorary from his undergraduate , Christian university . Clifford Burdick has a `` degree '' from a non-university ( as described in the mimeographed bulletin of the `` University of Physical Sciences '' , from which Burdick claimed his degree : `` 'The University is not an educational institution , but a society of individuals of common interest for the advancement of physical science . There are no campus , professors or tuition fee . `` ) . Harold Slusher has an honorary degree from a Bible college with only a 1/2 man graduate science department in addition to his `` degree '' from Columbia Pacific University a non-accredited correspondence school that promises a degree in less than a year . I do note that Clifford Burdick is listed on list of deceased scientists who believed in a creator . I presume that the rest of the `` scientists '' listed by AIG actually have the PhDs that AIG claims of all 182 listed .	So this list was a surprise to you ? This is n't the first time that the `` challange to come up with one scientist who believed that humans do not share common ancestry with apes '' has come up on these forums . When refuted , the goal posts move , and it 's shown how several scientists who do n't believe in common ancestry are dwarfed by percentages of those who do , with of course , a dose of ridicule thrown in . Is that how students are sometimes `` educated '' in today 's universities ? A false implication is made to belittle creation as much as possible , and if not questioned , is quickly built upon ? And if questioned , the goalposts are moved and the questioner is riduculed ?	neutral	sarc
`` Slaughtered them wholesale '' ? What alternate reality is this considered accurate from ?	Um , recorded and document Anglo/Irish history ? The same history that led John Major and Anthony Blair to apologize to the Irish people .	disagree	sarc
Evo is based on what appears to be , in the physical World around us .	Well , assume God not to be a giant liar ... your belief requires God to practice deception , which contradicts is benevolent and perfect nature : Again why you put me on the ignore list . I highlight your theological contradictions .	disagree	sarc
The no brainers gun nuts have a modicum of brain though , enough to show them that without guns there can be no shootings .	And without a limited lifespan there would be no death . But we do n't live in such a world , so shut up and get onto a more relevant topic .	disagree	sarc
With 250 million guns owned in the U.S. today -- it & # 8217 ; s as if we & # 8217 ; re permanently awaiting a siege that will never come -- there & # 8217 ; s simply no hope of eradicating arms from the American equation .	Well if no siege comes , I guess no harm no foul .	neutral	sarc
No , because I 'm not so stupid as to lose my life for an inanimate ideal	You seem to have a lot of hatred and animosity towards people who believe in God , is my faith and belief somehow causing you pain . I just dont understand why you feel the need to be so hatefull to me , at first you made me angry , but now I just figure you must be in some kind of pain caused by my faith .	disagree	notsarc
Legislative power over guns traditionally exercised by the people 's representatives in state and local governments would largely and effectively be transferred to the courts .	Just because they 're our representatives , does n't give them permission to trample the Constitution and the protections provided to the citizens . Look at how many laws have been passed , only to be invalidated and ruled as unconstitutional .	neutral	notsarc
It has taken a while for me to figure out that evolutionism continues to actively pursue the notion that - what we 'currently ' see operating in the real world , is 'higher ' , or more important , than what is lying in the wings .	Could you rephrase that in English ?	neutral	sarc
I am surrounded by pseudo intellectual elitists who are so steeped in ignorance that they sanctimoniously claim that the full extent of the christians/creationists education starts and stops with the phrase `` God did it '' . If what you uninformed religious bigots and hatemongers believe was n't so pathetic , it would be funny . What 's a guy aspoda do !	So tell us irreligious types what religious bigots and hatemongers really believe , since you obviously know better than we atheists , looking in at it from the outside as we do ... ..	disagree	sarc
Yet another example of a court ramming gay marriage down the public 's throats . I wonder how long it 'll take DC to generate a ballot initiative to reverse the court ?	Actually they already tried , see my previous posts . The city council rejected their ballot initiative petitions . Fortunatly for the people , half of the city council is up for re-election this year . Expect to see some new faces on the council .	neutral	sarc
Dying Lesbian 's Partner Denied Access To Her by 365Gay.com Newscenter Staff Posted : February 22 , 2008 - 1:00 pm ET ( Miami , Florida ) Janice Langbehn and Lisa Pond had planned to take their three children on a family cruise . The Olympia , Washington couple had been together 18 years and with their children were looking forward to the holiday . But just as they were about to depart on the cruise from Miami , Florida . Pond , a healthy 39-year-old , suddenly collapsed . She was rushed to Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami with Langbehn and the children following close behind . But once Langbehn and the children arrived at the hospital the hospital refused to accept information from her about Ponds’s medical history . Langbehn says she was informed that she was in an antigay city and state , and she could expect to receive no information or acknowledgment as family . A doctor finally spoke with Janice telling her that there was no chance of recovery . Other than one five minute visit , which was orchestrated by a Catholic priest at Langbehn’s request to perform last rites , and despite the doctor’s acknowledgement that no medical reason existed to prevent visitation , neither she nor her children were allowed to see Pond until nearly eight hours after their arrival . Soon after Pond'’s death , Langbehn tried to get her death certificate in order to get life insurance and Social Security benefits for their children . She was denied both by the State of Florida and the Dade County Medical Examiner . http : //www.365gay.com/Newscon08/02/022208fla.htm Note the above . She was informed she was in an `` anti-gay state '' ... 1 ) As I have pointed out before , some of the `` anti-gay marriage '' amendments go well and beyond just `` no gay marriage '' to antagonizing gays by stating in law that gays can not perform certain legal functions , regardless of whether or not it is called `` marriage '' . 2 ) Does anybody have any real doubt that if the two ladies had just walked in as `` friends '' , that this problem would not have happened ? 3 ) I think this furthers my point regarding how some people 's actions and statements FURTHER anti-gay bullying , and that refusing to acknowledge this relationship , or `` blame '' , is futile . The hospital perpetrated this gross violation of human decency invoking the STATE stance .	Whether this has anything to do with marriage or not , it is deplorable that A PERSON who loves another person should be denied a hospital visit for any reason other than concerns related to health . The hospital staff erred in denying the visits , especially those of the children . The denial of the partner 's bedside visit is also deplorable . There is no legitimate reason to deny a peaceful visit from any friend or family member to the bedside of a dying person unless it would negatively affect the health and well being of either party . If it positively affects the health and well being of either of them , it should certainly be permitted . I think the hospital staff should be chastised and punished to the point of remembering this incident forever as a reason to relax their prejudices and get with the program . There is nothing wrong with gay/lesbian people that love and understanding can not cure .	neutral	notsarc
That’s the face of human nature that make it all too easy to accept without realizing that a controversy even exists , and it does exist . If it didn’t , evolutionists wouldn’t be afraid of challenges .	So what you 're saying is that if ID really were worthless non-science , we 'd be able to tell because everyone would be happy for it to be taught alongside evolution in science class ? Yeah , that makes perfect sense Hopefully you can now see how far we 've meandered around the disparate issues . Let 's recap : 1 . Can looking for intelligent design be scientific ? One can apply the scientific method to any study . So far , the results of that application to ID ( largely through peer review ) indicate that it is not logically possible to positively infer the presence of design in a biological structure . 2 . Is the work the ID movement has produced rigorous , and are its results significant ? No . The fundamentally flawed assumption that irreducible complexity can not be achieved by evolutionary means invalidates all derivative results , and Dembski 's 'specified complexity ' is neither consistent , measurable , nor meaningful . Several structures claimed to represent evidence of design have admitted to evolutionary paths ( including , ironically , some of the analogies used in their literature in an attempt to illustrate things design alone can accomplish ) 3 . Should ID be opposed as a scientific endeavour ? Of course not . We only ever learn by imagining ; by striking out in unexpected and even seemingly absurd directions - just so long as we 're rigorous in our logic and our testing . I do n't think design science would ever bear useful fruit , but I would never oppose someone pursuing it . 4 . Should ID as it stands be taught as an alternative to evolution in science classrooms ? Absolutely not . It presently stands on a par with hypotheses about the 'electric universe ' , or firey comets flying out of the sun , or any number of inventive , potentially appealing , but utterly unsubstantiated notions . Its few published results have been obliterated in peer review and there 's quite simply nothing there to teach .	disagree	sarc
`` Almighty God created the races white , black , yellow , malay and red , and he placed them on separate continents . And but for the interference with his arrangement there would be no cause for such marriages . The fact that he separated the races shows that he did not intend for the races to mix . ''	So basiclly the equal protection argument will help us based upon sex . There is also this at the end	neutral	notsarc
I do n't know what exactly to think of it only I think it saves us the cost of prisons !	No it does n't ! It cost way more money in appeals than it does to excute someone . WE the taxpayers pay for legal represenatation for them and us , plus the cost of keeping them in jail . The appelas process alone costs the tax payers millions . It is far more expensive to kill them than to leave them in jail with no chance of parole .	disagree	notsarc
In fetal development , most major organs exist in rudimentary form by about 8 to 9 weeks . It takes several months for these organs to grow in size , complexity , and organization to the point they can function . For example , the myelin sheath—the insulating cover on nerve pathways that is required for efficient conduction of pain signals—does not begin forming around nervous system cells ( neurons ) in the spinal cord until about 24 weeks , and not till after birth in most of the cerebral cortex . [ 6 ] , [ 7 ] , [ 8 ] Although sporadic brain waves can be detected by about 21 weeks gestation , genuine continuous brain waves do not begin until about 28 weeks , [ 9 ] indicating that the nerve circuits needed to carry pain impulses to the brain are not fully connected till then . This also marks the beginnings of conscious awareness , which is generally considered a requirement for experiencing pain .	and	neutral	sarc
Taken to its logical extreme , we might argue that , just as a federal felon , serving time , has some First Amendment rights to the press , petition and religion , or Eighth Amendment rights not to be subjected to cruel punishment , so too , a prisoner might claim some second amendment right . The Fifth Amendment allows the taking of liberty under some circumstances , while the Second , if read as an individual right , does not . ''	BUt felons do not have full first amendment rights , there are a lot of rights that convicted felons forfeit , and this guy knows it .	disagree	sarc
Really . Some people would think I 'm in cahoots with the creationists . I predict their behavior and then they go and do it .	Explain to me how copying something is creating something new .	neutral	sarc
Violent crime rate . 1989 = 666.9 1999 = 523.0 2008 = 454.5	Oh My . That is the lowest number on the whole chart ! Murder and -- nonnegligent manslaughter rate	agree	notsarc
It was so held by this court in the case of U. S. v. Cruikshank , 92 U.S. 542 , 553 , in which the chief justice , in delivering the judgment of the court , said that the right of the people to keep and bear arms 'is not a right granted by the constitution . Neither is it in any manner dependent upon that instrument for its existence . The second amendment declares that it shall not be infringed , but this , as has been seen , means no more than that it shall not be infringed by congress . This is one of the amendments that has no other effect than to restrict the powers of the national government ,	But I want to be fair to our government , and help America with this personal decision , on weather or not to become criminals . Here is what Obama 's government Website says on the subject of duties and responsibilities . The U.S. Government says : Human Rights	neutral	sarc
I must be VEEEERY mistaken then . Read my other post , no children are dying here . You are implying that men are superior to women , because you are wanting to punish women for having sex , when if men had to go what women were going through , im sure you 'd be on a different side . You talk only of punishing pregnant women , when you do not talk of men .	First off , it 's not punishment , it 's taking responsibility for your actions . I have addressed the men , this is what I 'm talking about , it was in my last post . Are you really reading the my posts ? I said `` They ( men ) should have to raise the child also as they are equally to blame '' . If I could take some of the birthing pain from women and give it to mwn , I would . The bottom line is that women know that if pregnancy occurs their will be pain , yet some do not protect themselves against it . Why would it then be my responsibility to take that pain into account ? They accepted the risk when the did n't try to protect against it .	disagree	notsarc
Or perhaps Mach just does n't understand the concept of an 'analogy . ' No one was claiming they want 'rights restricted ' because of of bathrooms . He 's either being beligerent by intentionally portraying the analogy as a premise , or incredibly dense . I 'm starting to wonder if it 's the latter . . . .	I believe it is YOU who is being `` incredibly dense '' in your insistance of `` traditional marriage '' . No one has EVER said you ca n't have your `` traditional marriage '' within your chosen religion . That is your right . Yet you want to deny same sex couples their right to ANY form of `` marriage '' within THEIR chosen religion or non-religion , and also deny them the same civil rights you enjoy through your `` so called '' `` traditional marriage '' . No one is asking you to give up anything or change anything you already have . Yet from your elitist viewpoint , you insist on denying it to others . IF that is not prejudice , what is ?	disagree	sarc
No . But the resultant unwanted children would be an equally distressing social and financial cost . My point was the fruitlessness of antiquated belief system morality driving moral legislation that defies a woman 's civil liberty and common sense .	Making abortion illegal goes against common sense ? I would say that making abortion legal in call cases makes no sense ... but ok. You also maintain that only religious people are against abortion ... I know this is n't true because many of my friends or family are not religious and are against abortion . Not only that , there is an organiztion called lp4life ( libertarians ) and many of them are not religious and they argue against abortion on non-religious grounds which is what many of us do here on the forum . Stop making baseless claims because you have a quarrel with religion . Your unwanted children claim is also baseless . There has already been a debate on this and it is very clear ( as he does n't respond anymore ) that abandoned babies will not increase due to abortion being illegal . Another baseless claim . I do n't understand why you just make claims and then never back them up eventhough you say you use logic and common sense . Is it logical to oppose abortion only because you are mad at a religion ?	disagree	notsarc
I believe that you , sir , are little more than a partisan hack bending reality to fit your agenda .	Hardly . Obviously I had a lot more sense than you . My house and land is paid for long ago , I refused all credit cards including VISA and BOA and shun debt . Hardly a hack until is comes to strong arm union tactics who use force to chill public debate or frighten working folks in their family home ... unless they are public officials . I have worked mobs in an official capacity I do n't think you can enlighten me much on mobocracy . I think your whole problem is you bought the scenario of blame the messenger to avoid placing the economic blame where it belongs . What is next ? 60 's style Alinsky tactics and bombing those you disagree with on American soil ?	disagree	sarc
Crime has dropped significantly in New York and Los Angeles in recent years .	Crime has been dropping nationwide in recent years . Whoopdee do . There are some interesting statistics at http : //www.ncpa.org/pub/st/st176/s176c.html For example :	disagree	sarc
I 'm the first ! I 'm the first ! This was an interesting idea that you had `` the other day '' ? Something like that would have taken me a month or more to develop . Perhaps you were using a figure of speech .	Well , obviously the past few years of reading around the subject and quite a few more years of software engineering experience all contributed to this particular light-bulb clicking on , so I would n't read too much into the abruptness of the final epiphany	neutral	sarc
But I agree , the video is indeed propaganda and crosses the line into `` lying '' . ( and one does n't need the `` audition '' clips to see that . )	I laughed when I first saw the ad on MSNBC 's Hardball tonight . It shows the fear , insecurities and the fallacies that guide anti-gay equality rights activists .	agree	notsarc
Well sigma , which is more painful ? ? Being burnt with salene for 30 minutes to an hour and if that doesnt work after the 3rd time , being born prematurally and laid on a table and starving to death ... .. OR A woman sticking a clothes hanger up and accidentally killing herself but intentionally killing the kid within her ?	Painful ? Emotionally or physically ? Saline abortions are not performed anymore , you know this yes ? You do know that when the vast majority of abortions are performed the fetus either has no brain or does not have the mental machinery necessary to feel physical pain ?	disagree	sarc
Do you understand ? Something like 'sociobiology ' counts as good science if it consists of a body of work produced by people applying scientific methods rigorously .	And if ID consists of a body of work that you and an established special interest don’t like , then its not good science ?	disagree	sarc
Discussing information in a mathematical sense if fine but has nothing to do with this subject .	Oh yes it does . It is the subject .	disagree	notsarc
No it could n't . For starters Poplawski was dishonorably discharged from military service . In case you did n't know it , a dishonorable discharge carries an automatic life ban from firearms possession , meaning that his possession of an AK-47 was 100 % illegal .	So you claim .	neutral	sarc
No , back to school ... turn in what educational credntials you feel you have , and just stay at the coffeehouses ... at least you have a .005 % of hearing someone ineject some truth in one of those sidewalk tete a ' tete 's you nutters are so fond of ... but here you are dead wrong . Have you ever heard of an egg ? ever heard of a sperm ? An egg is still considered a multiple cell organism , and a sperm as well . You 're gon na have a hard time pulling that one off .	Really ? Zygote `` A zygote ... is a cell that is the result of fertilization . That is , two haploid cells—usually an ovum from a female and a sperm cell from a male—merge into a single diploid cell called the zygote ( or zygocyte ) . '' Or maybe on your ( apparent ) level of understanding ... Cells and their functions . I 'm teaching this , from this page , to some 14-year-olds tomorrow . Anyway , by your earlier post , an egg and sperm cell should only be able to make more egg and sperm cells .	neutral	sarc
Today , almost half a century after the publication of the encyclical ( Humani Generis ) , new knowledge has led to the recognition of the theory of evolution as more than a hypothesis . ( Aujourdhui , près dun demi-siècle après la parution de l'encyclique , de nouvelles connaissances conduisent à reconnaitre dans la théorie de l'évolution plus qu'une hypothèse . ) It is indeed remarkable that this theory has been progressively accepted by researchers , following a series of discoveries in various fields of knowledge . The convergence , neither sought nor fabricated , of the results of work that was conducted independently is in itself a significant argument in favor of this theory .	The statement was made in an address to the Pontifical Acacemy of Sciences in 1996 . It is clear that the Pope considers the theory of evolution to be valid . However , this is not a an encyclical and not a statement ex cathedra . Therefore it is not a statement of doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church . However , he is stating that , recognizing a restriction , the theory of evolution does not contradict Christian faith . He reaffirmed the statement made by Pius XII of that restriction . They is , `` If the human body take its origin from pre-existent living matter , the spiritual soul is immediately created by God . '' So yes . Catholics may be theistic evolutionists , evolutionary creationists or ID creationists . I suppose they can even fit into the other categories . I have known some YEC Catholics .	neutral	notsarc
It 's a cash cow for big government and local law enforcement .	The biggest for our local LE . Our sheriff says almost all of his federal funding is tied one way or another to marijuana with almost zip for crystal meth , the current problem drug . And every local LE person I know does n't consider marijuana a dangerous drug . What 's funny is our state government outlawed over-the-counter sale of some of the primary ingredients for cooking crank in an effort to combat it on the cheap . Yep , all those ingredients are now smuggled in , reducing local retail revenue and we 've also experienced an increase of cheap Mexican crank on the street . Interestingly enough , OR is a state that allows personal pot cultivation for medicinal purposes by MD prescription . As those prescription holders are on record , DEA makes regular inspection rounds of their residences to make sure they are n't exceeding the legal limit of six mature and six immature plants . LE tax dollars at work . Everyone wonders how long it will be before the feds attempt invoking the sleazy interstate commerce catch-all to eliminate that states right . Since Ashcroft the Evangelist is no longer driving dark ages federal moral legislation , maybe there 's a chance that wo n't happen .	agree	notsarc
So , are you saying that all anti-gunners are fearless ? ? ? If so , ,I must laugh .	No , they just do n't 'fear ' in general , their fears are directed at something ( madmen with guns ) , and those that do find other ways to feel protected ( usually in society rather than being a lone individual ) .	neutral	notsarc
Not true . I most certainly do apply EAM to all empirical observations of biological originality , just to see if it still applies . To date , it always has .	That 's because it 's not a falsifiable hypothesis . No matter what happens to an organism , you will always be able to say it happened on purpose . The observations you cherry-pick are those you use when attempting to prove that darwinian evolution can not work . So you ignore the countless studies where variation is unambiguously stochastic and focus on the very small number which seemed initially to show non-random mutation . You ignore the countless studies where adaptive mutations arise , and can be elevated by carcinogens , in the absence of any hypermutational organismic response , and focus only on those where it does occur .	neutral	sarc
best way to create jobs has always been to go to war .	Or at least eliminate some of the competition from the workforce . ( A bit callous I know . ) War has historically assisted the economy although not completely . How many outstanding WWII debts are there ? I believe only finland has repaid in full .	neutral	sarc
I fail to see how any evidence could better fulfill my burden of proof . I showed from my very first post that IC and Darwinism can not mix . Clive brought up objections , and I refuted them . Exactly what is the alternative ?	Well I suppose it is a matter of having a rebuttal strong enough to assert proof .	neutral	notsarc
I 'm not arguing that gun control will change the nature of men- though guns may make them more willing and confident to engage in crime .	That 's basically saying the Pope can be made into a murderer by handing him a gun .	neutral	sarc
Anyways , this bird does not have any feathers and as a result it can swin and dive quite well .	Actually , the bird is fully feathered . The feathers offer insulation and of course , when impregnated with oil , buoyancy . Where did you get your information ? Well , no matter . You bought it hook , line and sinker . Did it occur to you that you should possibly check your `` facts '' ?	neutral	notsarc
Agreed . Try telling that to congress .	It takes a while but the Supreme Court did in Heller .	neutral	notsarc
President Obama poses a real and present danger to the Second Amendment , and he 's working to pack the Supreme Court with justices who will undermine Americans ' gun rights . Mr. Obama did n't fess up to this radical agenda when running for the highest office in the land . `` I have said consistently that I believe that the Second Amendment is an individual right , and that was the essential decision that the Supreme Court came down on , '' Mr. Obama told Fox News in June 2008 . Despite the campaign rhetoric , Mr. Obama is appointing judges who strongly oppose that position . The most recent pick , Elena Kagan , ran much of President Clinton 's war on guns from 1995 to 1999 . When Ms. Kagan served as Mr. Clinton 's deputy domestic policy adviser , she was a feverish proponent of gun control . From gunlock mandates to gun-show regulations , she was instrumental in pushing anti-gun policies , according to the Los Angeles Times . Every court nomination counts . Two years ago , the Supreme Court barely mustered a narrow 5-4 majority to strike down the extreme District of Columbia gun ban . Should Justice Anthony Kennedy or one of the four more conservative justices retire or die while Mr. Obama is in office , the high court likely will undo such narrow victories for the Second Amendment . While Ms. Kagan was nominated to replace the liberal Justice John Paul Stevens , and thus wo n't swing the court in a new direction , her being there will necessitate that gun owners concentrate more than ever on fighting outright gun bans . Ms. Kagan 's defenders acknowledge her liberal political views but claim that as a judge , the former Harvard Law School dean will somehow manage to separate her judgments from her political opinions . The hitch is that her legal views correspond with her political views . When Ms. Kagan clerked for Justice Thurgood Marshall , she wrote , `` I 'm not sympathetic '' to the claim that `` the District of Columbia 's firearms statutes violate [ an individual 's ] constitutional right to 'keep and bear Arms . ' `` Her memos to Justice Marshall foreshadow an activist judge who would n't hesitate to fall back on her own personal views to override policy decisions made by elected officials . She clearly counseled Justice Marshall on how he should rule based upon whether she thought policies made `` sense . '' Take her advice in the case of Robertson v. Methow Valley Citizens Council , in which an appeals court stopped federal agencies from issuing a permit to build a ski lodge in a national forest . Ms. Kagan might feel that stopping ski resorts from such building makes `` policy sense , '' but that is n't the job of a judge . Ms. Kagan is Justice Sonia Sotomayor 's soul sister when it comes to gun control . Last year , during her confirmation hearings , Ms. Sotomayor insisted the Supreme Court had never found that an individual right to self-defense exists . Two of Justice Sotomayor 's own appeals court decisions came to the same conclusion . One ruling denied there is an individual right to self-defense . In another case , even after the Supreme Court struck down the District 's gun ban , Judge Sotomayor opined that any restrictions on self-defense would pass constitutional muster so long as politicians who passed it said they had a good reason . Senators must realize that a vote for Ms. Kagan for the Supreme Court is another vote against gun rights .	Anyone who votes for Kagan might as well tender their resignation .	neutral	sarc
Is n't a dead person also still human ?	I think the definition of human , in context , would be a person that is alive . Dead does not make them human in this context . Scientifically , human may mean Homo Sapiens , but there are other methods of defining humans . One of them is their capacity to love and to worship . Worship is not seen in another animal . Some will argue whether or not animals actually love or if it is just a conditioned response to someone providing what is needed . Either way , loving and worship are behaviors and as my psychology prof used to say ... ... . '' Dead people do n't behave . ''	neutral	notsarc
Still does n't follow . You assume God to be under his own authority which is n't the case and does n't logically derive .	Then how do we morally judge God ?	neutral	notsarc
By the way the liberal media pushes the subject one would think it was just the other way ... ... ... ...	A liberal mainstream media does n't exist ... simply because it is not profitable to the select few mega-billion dollar corporations who own most of the mainstream media outlets here in America . There is only a corporate media . Not liberal , not all that conservative .	disagree	sarc
I think it 's fair . The pro-gun side has a consistent history of being in favor of protecting individual rights against collective entities like government and big businesses . The gun-ban side has a consistent history of being in favor of the removal of individual rights and trying to criminalize lawful behavior because they do n't like it . If you ca n't stand the heat then stay out of the furnace !	The pro gun-control side tries to protect individual rights from being violated by criminals . In contrast , the pro-gun side is more interested in protecting the profits of the gun industry .	disagree	notsarc
If pressures change so that those with below average beak size gain some advantage than they can exploit it instantly . From the word go they will be eating better and be more healthy than their big beaked cousins , and so more likely to breed successfully come next breeding season .	Again , true . But that does n't take into account that there are two populations under consideration .	agree	notsarc
( 25 . ) I believe in gun control ( and wrote this piece to satirize pro-gunners ) because I hate guns and want to see them all banned , which is why I own guns and also enjoy reading firearms-related literature .	Just like Rosie O'Donnel , or Josh Sugarmann , or Sarah Brady .	neutral	sarc
1 . So , how many kids do you have ? 2 . And , do you know their names ? What they like to do ? 3 . It does n't sound like you 've been much of a dad if all you did is providing for them . Did you watch TV sports the rest of the time ?	1 . Two 2 . My wife and `` I '' named them . Do I know what they like to do ? Wow , you surely have had a terrible life . I know everything about my kids . What their favorite colors are . What bands they like . How much money they have in the bank . 3 . I was and am a great dad and a great granddad . I did do a lot of providing . And never minded blowing my money on youngin 's . I taught them how to drive on country roads in Kansas and my boy would fetch the truck when I needed to drag a deer out of the woods at 10 years old . He loved it , I loved it . My girl could drive t 10 too . Went to college on a volleyball scholarship . Now teaches school and raises her 3 babies . Life is good . When we get the chance .	disagree	sarc
Have you ever had a child you desperately want to get rid of ? If someone is willing to throw themselves down a flight of stairs to get rid of a child , what makes you think they 'll hesitate to get an untrained person to do it ?	And how many people actually do that ?	disagree	sarc
Well Whoop-Dee-Doo ! If you want Homosexual Marriage , be prepared to shell out more $ $ $ when Uncle Sam comes to collect when , in the inevitability , you should call it splitsville . Oh , wait a minute ! You have abso-freaking-lutely no qualms about forcing Mr. and Mrs. John Q . Taxpayer to pony up more dough , though , do ya ? ?	You need to read the whole article before you make such statements . The point of the article is that the provisions for divorce that are available to heterosexual married couples are NOT available to same-sex married couples because of the discriminatory federal law ( DOMA ) and because of state laws that do not recognize same-sex marriage , thus not allowing for legal divorce . Read the whole article and see what you think . Should n't all married couples have access to equal rights and provisions for division of property when they divorce ?	disagree	sarc
Not to mention they do bust their own and send them the jail . The Vatican does n't do that .	Really ?	neutral	sarc
Evolution is not needed to explain such an event , as natural selection clearly accounts for it .	Evolution does n't explain the event . The event is an example of evolution - a change in the frequency of alleles in a populatioin over time . The explanation may or may not be evolution by natural selection . You merely asserted that based on your imagined case .	disagree	notsarc
When I was in college a particularly difficult physics professor gave us the task of proving the existance of the wind . Interestingly enough , it can not be done . You can not see it , you can not catalog it , and you can not touch it . You can not measure it , though you can measure its effects . you can not write any proof for the existance of the wind . While many people may argue that you CAN proove the existance of the wind by observing its effects , this is not really a valid way to a proof in physics . In the end , it comes down to faith . We can see the effects of the wind , we can feel the effects of the wind , so we believe it is there .	actually , proof of something comes down to 2 things : agreeing on what the definition of the thing is , and agreeing on evidence that verifies the thing wind is defined as movement of air . air moves , therefore wind exists . this has been proven . i dont know what kind of definition you used , but it doesnt seem like your assignment is that difficult . God , on the other hand , is elusive even at the definition stage . he is sometimes defined as creator of the world , a higher force , all-powerful , greatest being possible , love , etc ... unless a definition is agreed upon , even beginning to prove existance is difficult . suppose we define God as love . love exists , therefore God exists . however , not everybody agrees to this definition . suppose we define God as creator of the universe . sciences states the the universe was created spontaneously , therefore God doesnt exist . therefore , for some , either this definition is not satisfactory or the conclusion of the scientists isnt satisfactory . finding proof for the existence of God becomes increasingly difficult when Gods definition gets constantly revised and adjusted . if we could simply agree on the definition for God then we could begin to find a proof .	disagree	notsarc
Persoanlly , I think both sides are wrong . I think that the evolutionists have fallen prey to the arrogance of the soft sciences . In striving to understand something , they have taken a relatively small body of evidence , made up a big story around it , and told themselves `` we know it all now '' rather than accepting that their explanation may not be entirely correct .	But then , you are obviously scientifically illiterate . Why do n't you think that the panal of scientists who were hired to write the standards know better than you ? It is , after all , their field .	disagree	notsarc
Not if it were enforced and a suggestions for how the law could be better enforced are given in the report .	No it did n't , there 's no suggestions for how to enforce background checks to stomp out straw purchases . Stop offering non-solutions .	disagree	notsarc
she believes she can treat cops like she did and does n't really care what reaction they have because she will use it as an excuse to sue them .	It 's not about how she treated cops . It 's about how cops treated her as an American citizen with rights .	disagree	notsarc
If people get drunk and aggressive and decide to kill someone , they 'll do it . Since homicide rates do not rise in countries with more guns , one can only conclude that people kill people with whatever is to hand .	I think your theory too simple . Guns make it easier to kill people . Do you think you have a greater chance of escaping with your life from a criminal that is armed with a knife or a gun ? `` From Dr. Roth 's study : The overall fatality rate in gun robberies is an estimated 4 per 1,000 -- about 3 times the rate for knife robberies , 10 times the rate for robberies with other weapons , and 20 times the rate for robberies by unarmed offenders . ( Cook , Philip J. , 'Robbery Violence , ' Journal of Criminal Law and Criminology , 78-2 , ( 1987 ) :357-376 . ) For assaults , a crime which includes threats , the most widely cited estimate of the fatality rate is derived from a 1968 analysis of assaults and homicides committed in Chicago . The study , prepared for the National Commission on the Causes and Prevention of Violence , reported that gun attacks kill 12.2 percent of their intended victims . This is about 5 times as often as in attacks with knives , the second most deadly weapon used in violent crimes . '' http : //www.asahi-net.or.jp/~zj5j-gttl/guns.htm	disagree	notsarc
Seriously ? Well , I come here hoping for something resembling an intelligent discussion . Every once in a while I get one . Most of the time it 's just ramblings like Benjamin 's here . I was kind of hoping that by ignoring the trolls the stupid to interesting ratio might go down . Do you really enjoy the kind of `` debates '' that posts like this inevitably start ?	nah , I was just poking fun because I can ! Personally , this is n't a debate . It is a joke . I also think duo could be right that it is an evolution person .	disagree	sarc
I see no way the federal government can force states to marry gays .	Well , you must not be a GOP lawmaker or the President of the United States . They 're convinced that the only way to prevent the SCOTUS finding in favor of same-sex marriage is to amend the Constitution .	neutral	sarc
`` No one who 's testicles are crushed or who 's penis is cut off shall enter the house of the lord . '' - Deut . 23:1	I 'm sorry , but that 's not what my version said . `` No one who has been emasculated by crushing or cutting may enter the assembly of the LORD . '' Emasculated = castrated Emasculation was not an accident . ( What this verse has to do with the death penalty is beyond me . )	disagree	notsarc
Then banning same-sex marrige would be wrong , and there would be no reason for it . Unless it harms someone , a law should never be passed .	A law baning same-sex marriage , then I 'd agree . But the reason same-sex marriage does n't exist ( other than Mass . ) is not because of law ; after all , there are plenty of states that do n't have same-sex marriage with no law that outlaws it . You 're barking up the wrong tree -- this is a cultural issue more than a legal one .	neutral	notsarc
Agents in Denver arrested Najibullah Zazi , a 24-year old airport shuttle driver , who authorities say appears to be the ringleader of the alleged plot . Also charged with lying to the FBI was Zazi 's father , Mohammed Zazi .	If not directly blame us , they would be screaming that the Right instigated or financed it or something . That is where we are now . The Crazies have take over the parties and corruption is so rampant , that this does not look anything like the country you , I , and I guess Doc grew up in . Now we train our investigators on the law-abiding , cause we ca n't trust even them ! About the only thing I can say Sarge , is Beam me up Scotty ! Everything is sure Bazaar now .	neutral	notsarc
I support gun rights as much as the next person . But having them in a school environment is just plain ridiculous .	So it 's ridiculous for students to have the same rights to life and self-protection as anybody else ? It 's crazy for them to have the ability to protect themselves at school but it 's alright for them to protect themselves everywhere else ?	disagree	sarc
We thought it would take roughly a million years for bacteria to evolve enzymes capable of digesting nylon ( because the compound is so different than any they were able to digest ) but it took less than a century . .	Were they able to show a previously non-existing code that mutated on a gene somewhere and created this new enzyme activity ? It sounds to me that this `` new '' enzymatic activity came from non-coding dna switching on a gene to produce it . That is what one would expect to find . ... *Two new enzyme activities , 6-aminohexanoate cyclic dimer hydrolase and 6-aminohexanoate dimer hydrolase , were detected in the adapted strains . * ...	disagree	notsarc
Is this the sort of thing that is being taught at that bastion of liberal science , MIT ? How can this be presented as fact rather than theory ? New and improved nuclear fuel created Nuclear fission , neutrons and protons , and even the atom itself are just theories . No one has ever seen an atom or a neutron . No one has ever observed an atom split . Why are our liberal news media allowed to present this as fact ? Moreover , are n't nuclear reactors designed by intelligent humans ? I also notice that this research was funded by our hard earned tax dollars without requiring that the benevolence of God also be researched in equal time . This is yet another shameful example of the godless attitude of science .	Good pick up . Also , how do we `` know '' that the heat generated in these reactors is from so-called `` nuclear fission '' and not a heavenly gift to allow us our god-given right to toasters and ipods . The scientists had funny foreign names , so they are likely non-christian terrorists who hate freedom . Anyway , this nucular physics stuff is just another religion .	neutral	sarc
Hello , Nu Leader . Nor was the peppered moth example ever meant to `` prove '' evolution . One important part of the theory of evolution is the hypothesis that natural selection is the major driving force behind it . So , the peppered moth observations were meant to show that natural selection can have a significant effect on the relative frequency of genotypes .	Almost all textbooks on evolution include the peppered moth as the classic example of evolution by natural selection . http : //www.clcoc.org/news/peppered.htm `` The peppered moth , Biston betularia ( L. ) , is one of some 20,000 moth species found in the United Kingdom . It became a famous example of evolution by means of natural selection . after the Industrial Revolution . The typica variety of the moth is white with black speckles and is a striking lichen mimic . '' http : //wiki.cotch.net/wiki.phtml ? title=Peppered_moth For years the story of the peppered moth , Biston betularia , has provided one of the best-known examples of natural selection in action . http : //www.millerandlevine.com/km/evol/Moths/moths.html Although I failed High School biology I do remember that the peppered moth was given to us as an example of evolution at work . And it did n't show anything about the frequency of genotypes , because the population has been producing the same moths . If all you can show that a moth population changes colour , then again , then back again how is this anything remotely like evolution ? It is still being taught ... http : //www.bethtfiloh.com/biology9pepperedmoth.htm But it does n't explain much . `` Most biologists , however , believe that natural selection is responsible , though no one knows what traits are being selected or what factors in the environment are doing the selecting . '' http : //www.arn.org/docs/wells/jw_pepmoth.htm Another look into this is given at ... http : //www.talkdesign.org/faqs/moonshine.htm All that has been observed is that the population changed colour . They do n't even know why . Despite this , misleading statements such as ... `` The peppered moth ( Biston betularia ( L. ) ) is a temperate species of night-flying moth notable for its evolution of industrial melanism . '' http : //www.nationmaster.com/encyclopedia/Peppered-moth are continually spread . ( http : //www.millerandlevine.com/km/evol/Moths/moths.html ) Cited above argues quite well that we still do n't know why - all an evolutionist can say is 'it happened ' , and 'it happened by evolution ' . It is akin to Darwin giving examples of 'natural selection ' by referring to how man breeds animals . In other words , his evidences for natural selection comes from non-natural , purpose driven selection . Darwin said `` There is no reason why the principles which have acted so efficiently under domestication should not have acted under nature . In the survival of favoured individuals and races , during the constantly-recurrent Struggle for Existence , we see a powerful and ever-acting form of Selection . '' http : //www.tbi.univie.ac.at/Origin/origin_15.html The phrase 'survival of the fittest ' was not even Darwin 's . It was urged on him by Wallace , the codiscoverer of natural selection , who hated 'natural selection ' because he thought it implied that something was doing the selecting . Darwin coined the term 'natural selection ' because had made an analogy with 'artificial selection ' as done by breeders , an analogy Wallace had n't made when he developed his version of the theory . The phrase 'survival of the fittest ' was originally due to Herbert Spencer some years before the Origin http : //www.talkorigins.org/faqs/evolphil/tautology.html And this sort of thing continues today in modern textbooks . `` From time to time , attacks on neo-Darwinism are mounted , usually by persons who either see evolutionary theory as antireligious or who basically misunderstand Darwin 's theory . One attack , entitled `` Darwin 's Mistakes , '' by Tom Bethell , was published in Harper 's magazine . Bethell began by pointing out that Darwinian theory is a tautology rather than a predicative theory . ( The term tautology means a statement that is true by definition . ) * That is , evolution is the survival of the fittest . But who are the fittest ? Obviously , the individuals who survive . Thus , without an independent criterion for fitness , other than survival , we are left with the statement that evolution is the survival of the survivors . This indeed is a tautology . But it is possible to assign independent criteria for fitness . Darwin wrote extensively about artificial selection in pigeons , in which the breeders ' choice was the criterion for fitness . ( Many novel breeds of pigeon have been created this way . ) Artificial selection has been practiced extensively by plant and animal breeders . Here too , survival is not the criterion for fitness , productivity is . '' Robert H Tamarin , ( 1996 ) `` Principles of Genetics '' ( 5th ed ) , p571 .	disagree	notsarc
Did you read what I was responding to ? It was to Colorado 's amendment 2 . Read the thread first before responding like this please .	I know what you said . I disagree with you . Scalia 's dissent was right and the majority opinion was based on the living constitution . Since I reject the living constitution , I 'd say that your assessment of Scalia is wrong . ReligiousTolerance.org is also a POS site .	disagree	sarc
I 'm for gun control . I believe you should have a steady hand , firm grip , calm breath , and a smooth pull . The more control , the better the shot .	and al shots in the ten range . And in response to Zachvac i mean guns not arms ( as in nukes ) but im fine with automatics and such in the right hands .	agree	sarc
The abilty to reason comes from the abilty to ask the question , why . A hunter animal sees its prey running and runs after it , it doesnt ask itself why it runs , a grass eating animal eats grass , it doesnt ask why it grows . The first thing a human thinks is why , then tries to reason to find an answer . If you combine that with natural instincts , you get a creature that slowly evolves by using reason . Humans maybe stubborn , they insist there is an answer to everything , and when they cant find that answer using reason and logic , they resort to `` escapism '' and answer such questions in a way that hides there lack of understanding , by creating gods to explain the yet unexplainable . Thats maybe why we pray .	I think that while may be correct , it sounds too elitist to be accurate . Sane people do n't create imaginary friends to explain things . Most tribal religions are very matter of fact . While exotic or fantastic they are very material ( lots of talking animals ) , and also meant to be entertaining . They also incorporate superstitions , which often hold a few survival tips . Also `` primitive '' religions revolve around hallucinations , via shamanism and drug use . I think no body asked why ; they just got stoned and after they sobered up the human intellect kicks in an tries to reason if what happened was real then it must be some link to the supernatural . I know Judeo-Christian religions are anti drug use in most places , but in ancient times drugs was a very integral part of religion . I have a soft spot in my heart for that `` Jesus Raved '' T-shirt .	neutral	sarc
If someone gives you an eye witness account of an event that happened before your time and all the evidence that you have collected does not contradict that account , is it no logical and rational to believe that eye witness ' account ? In a similar way , we have the Word of our Creator who does n't lie and who was there in the beginning . The actual physical evidence fits nicely with what we would expect if the Bible is right , e.g . fossils , mutations , the fact that there are billions of sea things burried in massive `` underwater graves '' all over the Earth - some while still eating or giving birth ( i.e . had to be rapid ) . So if the evidence that we have collected does not contradict what His eye witness account says ( i.e . Genesis ) than , is it not logical and rational to believe it to be true ? In fact , it would be illogical and irrational to not believe it !	Almost , and this is why I start the entire debate from the begining . Your concept of God is the irrational claim , that leads , inevitably , to a string of reason based firmly on an irrational or illogical premise . This is no great feat , we can all make a reasonable mountain of claims based on a single irrational premise . You do n't NEED reason , you have faith , it 's the opposite of reason .	disagree	sarc
While anyone can accept that a “perfect” judiciary system would only send real murderers to death row , even if this were the case , it does not negate the problems mentioned before . The death penalty costs the tax payers more and benefits neither the dead , nor society , in any way , and society doesn’t punish in order to “get revenge.”	And again :	neutral	notsarc
in the end God will win	Will win what ? Against whom ? I was n't aware there was some kind of contest ...	neutral	sarc
FALSE !	Indeed ! At least you recognize the nature of your own statement .	agree	notsarc
Here is the full story from Stars and Stripes . DOD rejects DODEA 's new policy on same-sex partner transfers | Stars and Stripes Looks like the DOD was following the law , something the DODEA should have done in the first place .	No argument there . I was n't asked if I wanted my federal tax dollars to go towards same sex benefits in violation of DOMA .	agree	notsarc
Then you got the benefits of being a weed addict like all you can do is have weed addict friends because you do n't have time for anything else .	Now this is a totally inaccurate generalization . I do n't think you actually realize the sheer numbers of people who smoke pot in this country , and I 'm talking on a regular basis . I am certainly one of them . I have friends that do it and friends that do n't . We all lead your typical normal life .	disagree	notsarc
It 's kind of silly that you call it a `` clump of cells '' , as we are all clumps of cells !	Yes , but our cells , are functional . It 's cells are not yet functional beyond dividing .	neutral	notsarc
I have tons of pics of my `` wedding '' in September and I look like a dork in everyone one of them . Every single shot , I have some dumb goofy expression on my face ... .. I have deep sympathy for anyone who has to look at pics of their own ceremony if they hate the pics of themself	I know what you mean , my Girlfriend says I always put on a goofy grin every time I get my photo take or if I do n't do that I seem to close my eyes just as the picture is taken .	agree	notsarc
Sorry if this is the wrong forum , but a weapon is a weapon so here I am . I am a photographer , and I photograph mostly landscapes and cityscapes . I have traveled to numerous cities ( LA , 'Frisco , NYC , etc . ) to photograph its buildings , culture , and people . The law regarding the carry and use of pepper spray does not make any sense to me . In all of these places , I am not legally permitted to carry pepper spray because of my age . In all three of these cities as in most states , it is illegal for anyone under the age of 18 to carry pepper spray . Are n't we the ones who need the most protection ? I 'm only 16 , and I 'm a little short and quite skinny . I seriously do n't feel safe marching around the city sporting expensive and flashy camera gear , but I do n't really have a choice . Some of the most interesting places to photograph are poverty stricken and usually unsafe . With child molesters , rapists , robbers , etc out there just waiting to take advantage of a minor because of his/her small size , would n't the carrying of pepper spray not only be legal but encouraged ? I do n't understand how any state could leave one of their physically weakest minorities so vulnerable . I can understand limiting the possession of knives and guns to minors , because those are both deadly weapons and , to be frank , some of my peers are numbskulls . But , both pepper spray and stun guns have been proven to do no permanent damage to the human body . By the time one is about 15 , one is responsible enough to know not to spray someone because `` he gave me a funny look '' , `` I do n't like him '' , or employ its use in a fist fight . If every child molester knew most teenagers were packin non-lethal weapons , do you think he would still attack ? Can someone please explain this to me ?	CALIFORNIA : Legal with restrictions . Subject to certain restrictions , Section 12403.7 of the Penal Code provides & # 8220 ; & # 8230 ; any person may purchase , possess or use tear gas and tear gas weapons for the projection or release of tear gas if the tear gas and tear gas weapons are used solely for self-defense purposes & # 8230 ; & # 8221 ; . The definition of tear gas also includes pepper spray . The restrictions include a prohibition against selling such a unit to a minor , and a provision limiting the size to 2.5 ounces by weight . The misuse of tear gas in California comes with state penalties of up to a $ 1000 fine and/or up to three years in prison , not to mention a possible felony conviction on record . Some examples of misuse include ; using tear gas on people in anger , spraying it as a joke , possession of tear gas by prohibited persons ; minors , drug addicts or persons convicted of felonies . To be legally purchased , possessed or used in California , any canister must have a label that says `` WARNING : The use of this substance or device for any purpose other than self-defense is a crime under the law . The contents are dangerous -- use with care . '' The maximum legal net weight for a canister is 2.5 ounces , or 70 grams of OC , CS or CN . CR is not legal for civilian use.is accompanied by a parent or guardian or 12403.8 allows a minor 16 years or older to purchase has their written consent . Since you live there and I do n't I 'm sure you 've already checked all this , but for what it 's worth ...	neutral	notsarc
A little antiabortion propaganda for your commute Ads , paid for by a Roman Catholic group , that ask `` Abortion : Have We Gone Too Far ? '' are n't faring very well on the Bay Area Rapid Transit System , the San Francisco Chronicle reported Friday . `` One ad , headlined '9 months ' in large letters , features nine months of a calendar and reads : 'Because of Roe vs. Wade , this is the amount of time the Supreme Court says it 's legal to have an abortion , ' '' the paper reported . `` The other contains the message : 'The Supreme Court says you can choose : after the heart starts beating , after its arms and legs appear , after all organs are present , after the sex is apparent , after it sucks its thumb , after it responds to sounds , after it could survive outside the womb . ' '' The campaign , which began three weeks ago , and cost $ 43,200 , consists of 280 ads on BART cars and 48 larger versions in train stations . It was paid for by Respect Life Ministry of the Oakland Diocese of the Roman Catholic Church . BART says that it had to accept the ads , since they 're a form of free speech under the First Amendment . But the campaign is seeing some vocal dissent from BART riders : `` Critics of the ads also seem to be taking matters into their own hands . Hundreds of the ads have been defaced with markers , had stickers placed over them or have been torn down and ripped up , according to Monika Rodman , coordinator of the group that placed the ads . `` 'The defacement has taken to religious epithets , profanity , everything you can think of , ' she said . A billboard at the MacArthur station in Oakland was torn to shreds , she said , and mini-essays were written on others . `` So many of the ads have been destroyed , she said , that a supply of a couple of dozen extras has been exhausted , and the ministry has ordered reinforcements from its printer . The group , which funded the campaign through donations , according to Rodman , is also asking BART 's ad agency , CBS Outdoor ( formerly Viacom Outdoor ) , for extra display time to compensate for the vandalism . '' Let 's hope that the controversy over the defacement of the ads does n't help the Catholic group 's fundraising so Bay Area commuters wo n't have to put up with still more of this nonsense on the way to work . -- Katharine Mieszkowski	Are the commuters who deface or tear down the anti-abortion ads exercising their right to free speech and expression ?	neutral	sarc
oh and by the way i agree with Benjamin . God IS GOOD all the time and in the end God will win meaning creation beats evolution every time .	Now , that logic is so bad , it 's worse than circular reasoning . It 's figure eight reasoning .	disagree	sarc
There is a right to own property and to travel as recognized by the US Supreme Court .	As a gun owner I 'm also a property owner . Or are you denying that guns are property ?	neutral	notsarc
The way I see it- if government can regulate free speech to protect people againt things like obscenity and libel then why in the world ca n't guns be regulated to protect against murder ? Of course do n't expect any of the radicals here to understand ... .	You mean like all of these ? The & # 8220 ; Unregulated & # 8221 ; Gun	neutral	sarc
A fully grown human is just a mass of tissue , and cells .	So you reject the existence of the soul ?	neutral	notsarc
Even before the repeal of D.C. 's handgun ban , the city 's police reestablished a gun-recovery unit and focused on seizing illegal firearms .	So then the handgun ban did absolutely nothing . Nice to see you could finally admit the truth .	neutral	sarc
Waving signs denouncing bank `` greed , '' hordes of invaders poured out of 14 school buses , up Baer 's steps , and onto his front porch . As bullhorns rattled with stories of debtor calls and foreclosed homes , Baer 's teenage son Jack -- alone in the house -- locked himself in the bathroom . `` When are they going to leave ? '' Jack pleaded when I called to check on him . But when hundreds of loud and angry strangers are descending on your family , your children , and your home , a more apt description of this assemblage would be `` mob . '' Intimidation was the whole point of this exercise , and it worked-even on the police . A trio of officers who belatedly answered our calls confessed a fear that arrests might `` incite '' these trespassers .	Let me translate . The Cops were afraid ! At the very least , they surely did n't protect this home owner , or the residents of this street ! Is Anyone else troubled by this next part ? D.C. Metro Police Escorted SEIU Protesters to Bank Of America Executive’s Home	neutral	sarc
Originally posted by FreeThinker Lurch , Why are Ernst Haeckel 's `` ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny '' embryo drawings , ( which were proven false in the 1880 's ) still in text books ?	Usually as examples of errors , do you have a specific example ? From TO Regarding Futuyma 's use of the Haeckel embryo drawings in the 3rd edition of Evolutionary Biology , Wells writes ( p. 109 ) , `` But it was Futuyma who mindlessly recycled Haeckel 's embryos in several editions of his textbook , until a 'creationist ' criticized him for it . '' However , an inspection of Futuyma 's 1st and 2nd editions of Evolutionary Biology reveals that no such drawings were included in these editions . In the first edition , Haeckel 's biogenetic law and the problems with it are discussed on page 153 in respectable fashion ( this corresponds with page 303 in the second edition ) -- and in fact the primary issue surrounding Haeckel in textbooks , which has always been to debunk Haeckel 's `` ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny '' oversimplification , is in fact admirably discussed in all three editions .	neutral	notsarc
I guess I 'm not going to get an answer from CountryGirl . Maybe she does n't know why she believes as she does .	She only posts like once every 3 months it seems ... so it makes the conservation awkward .	neutral	notsarc
Playing God 's advocate here . Most , but not all , religions assume that there 's a special relationship between God and man . Almost symbiotic , although that does n't quite catch all the subtleties . If evolution is true , then the universe was around for billions of years , as was the earth , before people showed up . If we are God 's special interest , then he probably would n't have waited around billions of years for us to evolve . If we `` just happened '' then most religion 's idea that God cares about us in some special way is thrown into serious doubt .	Actually it just took GOD a long time to work out the bugs in his ideas thats why humans only appeared very recently . We are special because he took his time to gain the skills and knowledge necessary to build his masterpieces - namely us . We are after all the crown of creation meant to dominate all the inferior life forms and to take whatever we wish from the planet . Are we not ?	disagree	sarc
The hypothesis of a mitochondria Eve is about 17 years old and has been shown to be wrong .	Really ? When and by whom ? I was n't even aware that it was an hypothesis but simply a mathematical concept derived from the mutation rate of the mitochondrial DNA . Possibly the time has been adjusted due to differing estimates of the mutatiion rate , but the concept is valid . Here is some information . Monty , I would recommend that you read the books suggested so that you might gain some understanding of what you are discussing . You continue to make yourself look foolish . River out of Eden is a good , basic introduction to the main concepts of evolutionary biology . For information on Mitochondrial Eve see What , if anything , is a Mitochondrial Eve ?	disagree	sarc
No , he is right . You 're thinking about evidence after it 's been interpreted rather than the raw data available to all - which is not to say that it is equally scrutinised by all . The difference is that the interpretation of those facts that supports common descent is based on axioms that have many times proved their worth as accurate and predictive . That 's the part Ken does n't seem to appreciate : although axioms are indeed stated rather than derived or proved , where they lead you , the expectations they engender , can be compared with reality in order to see whether your axioms are congruent with those upon which reality operates .	I think Ham is simply being disingenuous - he advances the idea that we all have the same evidence so that he can then go on to argue that indeed it 's a matter of interpretation and that it 's unfair to deny the bible as an interpretative tool , because he knows perfectly well that any fair-minded person will stop and consider the argument . But in practice , he and the people whose opinions he defends do not actually think like this . We do not have all the same evidence , because something that you and I and all other reasonable people will agree is evidence even though interpretations may diverge will be rejected as evidence ab initio . And that is my point - albeit probably expressed unclearly in my earlier post .	neutral	notsarc
Faith by definition is a belief without evidence .	yes . But then you throw in `` reasoned faith '' . But then you are making up terms that try to show faith as reason . What is reasoned faith ? If reasoned faith is the same as `` reason '' , then fine , you are n't using faith . If it 's faith , belief without evidence , then your evidence is your faith , and thus , it 's circular . If your faith is even part of your `` evidence '' or `` reason '' for belief , then logically the entire claim is arrived at through circular reasoning . You can use both all you like , I 'm just letting you know it 's fallacy to claim faith as evidence , which you do . If you do not , then you are using reason , and not faith , and we do n't need to continue because I see no fallacy in using evidence to back your claim . Enjoy . I found this as well , maybe it will be worded in such a way that you understand , since you seem to reject my arguments based on my name . http : //rous.redbarn.org/objectivism/ ... /answers2.html	neutral	notsarc
Cause a persons a person no matter how small - Dr. Seuss Horton Hears a Who	And a non-person is a non-person no matter how large it is !	neutral	sarc
Historically , the causes and origins of crime have been the subjects of investigation by many disciplines . Some factors that are known to affect the volume and type of crime occurring from place to place are : Population density and degree of urbanization . Variations in composition of the population , particularly youth concentration . Stability of population with respect to residents ' mobility , commutingXpatterns , and transient factors . Modes of transportation and highway system . Economic conditions , including median income , poverty level , and job availability . Cultural factors and educational , recreational , and religious characteristics . Family conditions with respect to divorce and family cohesiveness . Climate . Effective strength of law enforcement agencies . Administrative and investigative emphases of law enforcement . Policies of other components of the criminal justice system ( i.e. , prosecutorial , judicial , correctional , and probational ) . Citizens ' attitudes toward crime . Crime reporting practices of the citizenry .	And gun control is not on the list .	neutral	notsarc
That has nothing whatsoever to do with my post that you replied to . I was agreeing with a post by Flygirl which pointed out that the hospital displayed a basic lack of common decency , which I trust you also agree with .	Sure I agree with it . The thing is , you used to argue ( not in these exact words of course ) that decency on the part of the hospital was n't required , all that gays needed to do was visit a lawyer and they 'd be all set . I am asking you to clarify that position now to see if you still hold that opinion or if you 've changed it , specificially in light of this event . Simple question , no gotcha waiting to pounce .	neutral	notsarc
How do you get from `` chance '' to `` mistake '' ?	Either way it is a series of events that happened at random being explained by the results of those events .	neutral	notsarc
The point is that a gun took MLKs life !	So you would be OK with MLK and Browning sharing the day if MLK had been stabbed ? Hows the list coming Brady ? Poking the Troll is a fun game	disagree	sarc
Are you sure about that ? Heterosexual sex goes as follows : The female 's one millimeter hole gets a one inch hidious peg rammed into it , tearing the hole until it is big enough for the peg . Wow , how ... not physical damaging . I think lesbian activities are a lot less harmful .	Well be cynical if you want , if someone in your family had done as you ascribed you would n't be here to be so glib . Nor would the human race or any other species where penile-vaginal sex takes place . I guess all those years of biological reproduction show it . You will also notice I did n't make it an absolute statement . I said `` minimal or negligable physical damage '' .I understand that female biology undergoes truama too during sex , the fact is the trauma of vaginal sex i ... ..1. more forgiving and 2 . Obviously possible of greater/important final result . And um , like with lesbian activities , the size of the `` peg '' also matters so how do you know lesbian activities are a lot less harmful .	disagree	notsarc
And it also took an amendment to give the slaves rights , not a judge .	And it will , I guess , take an amendment to deny rights to and make a whole segment of the population second class citizens .	neutral	sarc
So why do some feel it necessary to deceive in order to `` put a lump in the throat '' of the American People ?	Because a major portion of them are not as American educated and schooled in the Constitution and BOR . A quick streetwalk with Jay Leno proves that . I bet many do not even know who the sitting president is much less VP . Their concepts come from folks such as yourself who would deny rights up to the point of no return . Still you would say , `` boosh did it '' . Meanwhile , back at the ranch , Where is Old Sarge ? I have n't read a post from him here lately .	neutral	sarc
Er ... because it 's an important issue to you and he 's your candidate ? ? ? Or it is only an important issue to you on non-election years ? .	Actually , Biden is n't a Democrat I would have chosen . But then , I 'm not standing for election . What I do know is he is n't the raving homophobe the Republicans prefer as candidates .	neutral	notsarc
It is my understanding that the rules are if you 're banned , you ca n't simply create a new ID and return under it . This happened when Terral03 was banned and returned using a new ID .	Oh . Thanks for pointing that out . I did n't recall reading that rule , but it certainly makes sense .	agree	notsarc
... and will come again , so be good for goodness sake ...	I think it 's fair to say that if there was no God , then there would be no gay people ...	neutral	sarc
One of the most basic reasons why society promotes child abuse murder via abortion is to assauge the cathartic rage , frustrations , hate etc of female citizen-slaves . I have no doubt that abortion acts as a legal violence outlet that would otherwise end up in other violence outlets deemed to be crimes by society .	Completely speculative nonsense .	disagree	notsarc
`` If men strive , and hurt a woman with child , so that her fruit depart from her , and yet no mischief follow : he shall be surely punished , according as the woman 's husband will lay upon him ; and he shall pay as the judges determine . And if any mischief follow , then thou shalt give life for life . '' - Ex 20:22-23 this suggests that when an abortion occurs , the one responsible will be punished , but not by death unless the woman is killed . even the bibles says that the mother 's life is more important than the fetus .	This applies only when men strive ... that is fight . If a man `` Accidently '' hits a woman while in a fight and causes her to lose her child then all he has to do is pay a fine . But if he keeps fighting and hurt other people he gets killed . Even in the Bible you dont get punished so severly on accidents .	neutral	notsarc
Apparently Germany , Portugal and France ( plus the usual suspects : Denmark , Sweden , Finland , Netherlands and Belgium ) are all moving toward or already allow same sex unions . Looks like Europe is quietly adapting to the realities of the modern world whilst the USA tears itself apart over the issue yet again ...	Well , we have our head in the sand in more ways than one .	neutral	sarc
I wonder how many are exaggerated .	Oh , probably about as many as there are killed by bayonet lugs , pistol grips , heat shields , detachable magazines , and folding stocks .	neutral	notsarc
I would n't like to credit an economy-wide change with benevolence . Were it a sacrifice avoid employing children , children-employers would have a competitive advantage . Yet they virtually died out in every developed market before any law was passed .	Source ? Children were regularly employed in the UK well into the 19th Century , and laws restricting child labour were passed as early as 1802 .	neutral	sarc
No , not COULD happen , it HAS happened already , this is the reality of the situation .	This bill is a long way from passing . Does n't seem to have great support beyond the `` plenty '' people you mentioned .	neutral	sarc
And as I said before . Bloomberg makes absolutely no recommendation for what to do with these 35 , supposedly , criminals sellers . He did n't want them charged with felonies , he did n't file civil suits against them , he did n't do anything . He just got the `` evidence '' he wanted and then he let them go scot free as if they 'd done nothing . Obviously New York City style catch and release justice at its absolute finest .	I think it best not to jump to conclusions about things you do n't know . Before you were saying that Bloomberg did n't even have a right to complain about what happens in other cities in New York . Now you 're complaining that Bloomberg is n't doing enough to interfere in what goes on in other states .	disagree	sarc
I think it 's nonsense interpretation developed by people who were afraid that if they fought for guns as valiantly as they did for free speech , they would n't receive any donations .	I think you are entirely correct . From the page VOR linked :	agree	notsarc
One item that shoud be mentioned is that this expidition set out in this area specifically to find the transitional form between land and water creatures . They went looking in this area because that had the right geology , with the rocks the right age . They found what they had predicted they would find.. and what they specificlaly were looking for .	I think that is the most interesting part . This was n't just a lucky find . This demonstrate the power of theory , that it is predictive . Based on a prior theoretically understanding , they hypothesized that the creature would be where it was . As the hypothesis proved correct , this further adds to the validity of the original theory .	agree	notsarc
What 's your point ? Of course they will be bound by Heller just as the courts are bound by Roe v. Wade . That point was n't in dispute . As long as you 're talking about 19th Century Second Amendment case law , I like The State v. Buzzard ( 1842 ) .	THE STATE v. BUZZARD . Buzzard decided 2:1 to uphold a law restricting concealed carry . But had the question been is there an individual right o keep and bear arms for one 's own protection , the court would have split 2:1 in favor of that right . So your mention of that case makes little sense if you are trying to make the point that Heller was not true to precedent . Heller was not about concealed carry , but rather the RKBA for self defense Of the 3 judges , only Dickensen interpreted the RKBA as did the dissents in Heller . Dickensen read the RKBA as a limited individual right to keep and bear arms for the protection of the state ( a right which does not encompass self defense ) .	neutral	notsarc
How many people would be capable of doing that to themselves ?	I do n't know ? How about a person from a group known to do almost anything to get money , but also realises the pain they would bring to a child if they had one .	neutral	sarc
Dont know if I really buy into this or not , but it makes for some interesting reading : the origins of gun control http : //www.lizmichael.com/racistgc.htm the racist root of gun control http : //www.law.ukans.edu/jrnl/cramer.htm	Well , there 's also the theory that the second amendment has racist origins . According to the VPC , the second amendment was written because they felt that an armed militia was an important protection against the possibility of a slave revolt . http : //www.vpc.org/fact_sht/hidhist.htm	neutral	notsarc
Maybe Massachusetts should allow for divorces via notarized mail by non-residents or whatever else is needed to make it easier to do so remotely and more timely , if someone has a serious need to get a legal divorce for such a marriage that only exists somewhere else .	Why do n't we do the same for straight marriages then ? Why does n't a straight couple that gets married in Colorado , and then moves to Virginia , have to get their divorce `` remotely '' from Virginia . Or maybe you should start thinking about what AUTHORITY Colorado has to grant a divorce to Virginian RESIDENTS .	neutral	notsarc
what evidence ? like the beaks of finches growing a few centimeters ? ... like the color patterns on moths changing in just a few years ? ... .like size/color of fish changing accomodate their surroundings ? There is no proof of anything but the small stuff . There are no intermediates linking higher classes of animals .	I wouls also add that humans have been able to make CHIHUAHUAs and Irish wolf hounds from wolves .	agree	notsarc
It is much more important that you concern yourself with the destiny of your soul , not how many years you can stay on the earth .	LOL ! And yet you look both ways when crossing street .	neutral	notsarc
It is legal for a woman to abort a fetus in the first trimester , and further along if there are complications . No repercussions , no trials for murder , just kill the baby , it is n't viable yet ... But on the other hand , a pregnant woman is attacked in her first trimester and her baby dies . Her attacker is charged with murder of an unborn child , or intentional/unintentional conduct against a pregnancy . A pregnant woman is attacked and murdered . Now her attacker faces double homicide . My question is why is it ok for a woman to kill her baby and it is perfectly legal , but if someone else does it , why are they charged with murder , or manslaughter ?	Because when someone attacks the pregnant woman , she does n't have a choice whether the fetus dies . When she has an abortion , it is her choice . A woman should be able to choose whether or not she remains pregnant .	neutral	notsarc
Sadly policy needs no law for justifucation . The VA is a law unto themselves as anyone who has delt with them finds out .	Well then there 's grounds for a lawsuit . Find a group of veterans and get them to sue the VA , funded by the NRA , and take the whole organization to court on charges of violating federal standards .	agree	notsarc
Is n't it wrong to violate women 's rights on a chance guess or ( at best ) a gut feeling or a belief in a perhaps completely mythical God ? We know she deserves rights .	Well , you are apparently admitting that I am correct in that we do not know for sure . What God has to do with it I do not know , because I did not bring that side of the debate up . My argument is purely of logic and philosophy . Consider for a second that you are wrong , and that abortion really is the killing of thousands and thousands of people . Then is abortion a woman 's right ? Of course not . No one has the right to take a life for the sake of convenience ( I 'm not talking about aborting because the mother 's life is at stake , for now just clear-cut convenience ) . So you commit a logical fallacy by assuming women have this right , because you assume that people are not being killed , while you provide zero hard evidence that this is the case . So , once again you are risking thousands and thousands of lives based on a hope .	neutral	notsarc
But that can be tested at whatever level you want to use for `` kind '' and shown to be false . Has been shown to be false by phylogenetic analysis . No application of the mistaken Razor .	Actually , it has n't . Phylogenetic analysis has no relevance to Occam 's Razor . Further , DNA for all organisms is the same until you examine specific sequences . It is n't that the DNA is different , what matters is the the sequence of the bases is different .	neutral	notsarc
We have on this board alone , demands on our Constitution 's Bill of Rights of total Gun Registration , Mandatory Storage with as of yet undefined penalties , a photo ID .	Since that would be me let 's go over my position and you tell me which parts are n't reasonable and why : 1 . I 've advocated registration of all handguns but not all guns . 2 . I 've advocated mandatory secure storage for unattended firearms , like when you 're not home . 3 . I 've advocated photographing and fingerprinting for all handgun purchases .	neutral	notsarc
Evolutionary biologist Richard Lewontin said : “we have a prior commitment to materialism . It is not that the methods and institutions of science somehow compel us to accept a material explanation of the phenomenal world , but , on the contrary , that we are forced by our priori adherence to material causes to create an apparatus of investigation and a set of concepts that produce material explanations , no matter how counter-intuitive Moreover , that materialism is an absolute , for we can not allow a divine foot in the door.”	Well , if there were any evidence for it you could . Of course , in searching for the source of these quotes we find that they seem to be limited to creationist web sites . Nowhere can one find a correct attribution . Moreover , what Lewontin is saying is that science is not a matter of faith . He is saying that science rejects spiritualism as an effective cause and is limited to naturalistic explanations . In other words , science does n't operate by blind faith . I 'm not even sure what point you were trying to make .	disagree	sarc
. But we know there is such a thing as legal precedent , and while your idea of people marrying pets is pretty silly , it is certainly NOT beyond the pale for marriage to be broadened to the point of including other arrangements as well like polygamy in some cases . The idea that gay marriage is not an example if simply broadening and moving marriage to a more wide-open concept for anything like many other examples is pretty ridiculous .	Actually polygamy is about one man marrying more than one woman . It is a heterosexual insitution . By your argument , it is traditional man/woman marriage that is the slippery slope to this `` broadening '' of marriage . You do not see any same-sex couples asking for a legal marriage for multiple partners . That is the realm of the straights , and all of them is mighty religious , as well .	neutral	sarc
The essence of the discussion is not whether the various creatures adapt to various environments . The discussion is the how .	Well , I incorrectly assumed that anyone attempting to enter the discussion would at least have a grasp of the most fundamental principles . It is quite strange to encounter someone in this day and age who lacks any knowledge whatsoever of the mechanism of adaptation since it was explained 150 years ago . It is one of Darwin 's original hypotheses , independently arrived at by Alfred Russel Wallace . Darwin called this mechanism of adaptive change natural selection . It is based on a few simple observations and inferences . Here is how Ernst Mayr , formulator of the biological species concept and one of the evolutionary biologists responsible for the modern synthesis , put it :	neutral	notsarc
Nobody is arguing that you should n't use locks on your door . As you yourself are an example , sometimes people forget to lock up . It 's nice to have another option in case things turn out violent .	I agree , but does another option need to be a deadly one ?	neutral	notsarc
# 3 Your moronic statement about how there would be no laws without religion discredits your writings anyways . Laws do not stem from religion . They stem from the need for a society to be able to function properly . They stem from mans desire for power . Some do stem from religion but this does not make up the majority . If you wish to try and debate this , why not explain how religious influenced the laws concerning driving on a specific side of the road more than social influences did .	The basis of modern law is from religious law . If you do n't know that , then you do n't know your history . And my contention is that if there was no God , then there would be no humans for laws to govern anyway . I know , you do n't agree with that statement , either .	disagree	notsarc
bullsh*t. you do get critized for tlaking about god ... any other god other than the christian god that is	... in your own little fantasy world .	disagree	sarc
Then a man who needs an artificial heart to survive is a new species of man . That is the analogy I gave , and you ignored . In both cases ; human and bacteria , before the advent of a human product , a particular group of individuals from each larger group would die off .	I 'm not trying to participate in gang debate , but well.. The population of `` people with heart trouble '' would only be in jeopardy if the heart trouble made it more difficult to reproduce . If reproduction is not hindered then there is much less chance of dying off .	neutral	notsarc
... ... ..You would not recognize the place now ... ... ... .	Oh ? Do tell , what awful things have happened to Baghdad by the Bay ?	neutral	sarc
“To think that when it became legalized it went down is just stupid for lack of better term.”	Then why can’t you explain an unreflective fertility and abortion rates between 1972-1979 here in America or how the Polish fertility rate never increased after the 1993 referendum that criminalized abortion ? Prove to me when criminalizing abortion has ever decreased it’s demand . So far you haven’t only provided empty rhetoric . The pro-life movement thoroughly brainwashes it’s supporters to believe such jibberish .	disagree	sarc
OP : I tried to read your post ... I just could n't finish . I am going to go do something a little less painful , like sticking my hand in a blender . At least spell-check it ...	Well did I force you to read it ? I did n't think so ... And does it matter about a few words being mis-spelled . I dont think so ... And have you read any of my posts all the way through ... Prolly not so you did n't see my age.. Im only 14 and this is my Theory ... expecting a 14 year old to know correct grammar and Spelling is asking a monkey to do a backflip for you .	disagree	sarc
Dr. King was glad to walk beside Charlton Heston in Selma and other places . I do n't recall your ol ' momma there	So what ? He made a statement on guns clearly and was well killed by one in the end ...	neutral	sarc
That happens , too . For example , our gene for vitamin C is broken and no longer works . .	That 's an interesting subject , I had not heard of that b4 . Did our bodies once produce Vitamin C ? .	neutral	notsarc
3 ) This variation is passed down by inheritance to future generations . ( We know that black folks have black kids ; white folks , white kids ; tall parents tend to have tall children ; and so on . ) Lackmarian evolution died a long time ago . Why have n't you ?	Again , you are off the mark . This is not a reference to Lamarckism ( which is what I guess you were trying to say ) . Even Darwin observed that novel characters were passed on to offspring . And he was smart enough to realize that these were not characteristics gained from use .	neutral	notsarc
A simple question really ... if this bill supposedly reduces health care costs per person then who is getting less money ? Please see the below graph to answer this question . http : //biglizards.net/Graphics/Foreg ... bution2007.jpg I 'm honestly asking ... will doctors get paid less ? Will people making health care equipment get paid less ? All of the above ? It wo n't all come from the health insurance companies , in fact , they will probably benefit ( the large ones that is ) . Just tell me ... who gets less money .	I think this is rather simple . There will be a decrease in volume or quantity of healthcare services . This will not include time of doctors who mostly tell their spport staff to do yet another test . So it will mostly include support staff , administrative staff , equipment manufacturers . They will not necessarily get paid less , there will just be fewer of them . Per person that is .	neutral	sarc
Thats nice . How 's those `` 32 '' guns you `` own '' and hows your `` training '' going . Funny though how you can believe or not believe a question ... .	Actually , he said he did n't believe you . Come to think of it , I do n't believe he has 32 guns either .	neutral	sarc
we as humans on this earth are stupid , stupid in the way that we know not of what is going on aorund us . religion was made so that we humans would not feel frightened and alone in this universe . people can not grasp that after we die , we rot in the ground . we can not even imagine non existence .	Yes , that is true . Our bodies rot in the ground but our SOULS go to either heaven or hell , take your pick .	neutral	sarc
That 's really simplified . It 's not like a woman 's body is a suitcase and the fetus is biologically self-reliant .	Picture an astronaut connected to a spaceshuttle ... without that cord he wouldnt be able to live . so is he really able to live on his own or is he depending on something else to live ? ? i really dont see your point .	neutral	sarc
Dembski 's `` explanatory filter '' is nonsense .	Well , you 've convinced me already .	disagree	sarc
Have you guys checked out the link to Dr. Dino ( www.drdino.com ) that BP posted ? I was looking around in there , and I have to say , I was incredulous . Waxy	Following your link , Ive just been `` visiting '' the website of `` Doctor '' Hovind and his associates : I found it a lot of fun - a sort of Disneyland of `` creationist science '' . Of course the good `` doctor '' takes advantage of almost universal ignorance about the scientific foundations of evolution : this is a melancholy fact , and it takes the edge off the laughs I had .	agree	notsarc
By gay bias do you mean disagrees with your opinion ?	His bias shows in his writing . It does n't take a genius to see that the tone is not one of balance .	neutral	sarc
A key doctrine in my own faith is that Jesus was born of a virgin , even though it makes no scientific sense - there is the matter of Jesus 's Y-chromosome to account for . But that is the point . Miracles , by definition , do not have to make scientific sense . They are specific acts of God , designed in most cases to get a message across . Their very rarity is what makes them remarkable . An atheist , of course , will argue that miracles are bogus and are stitched together from the needs and desires of human imagination . Maybe so . To a believer , miracles are more than `` violations of the laws of nature , '' as they were described by David Hume . They reflect a greater reality , a spiritual reality , and they occur in a context that makes religious , not scientific , sense . To the nonbeliever , there is no spiritual reality , and hence there are no miracles . To a person of faith , miracles display the greater purposes of God , giving them a meaning that transcends physical reality . If this is true , why should n't we allow that the creation of our species was a miracle ? Or why not agree that the sudden explosion of life in the Cambrian era might have been a miracle ? Both might have been . In 1900 , we could easily have said that the sun 's fire was a miracle . Unable to explain the biological basis of immunity , we could have chalked that up to God , too . And for good measure we could have told our students that the interior heat of the earth might be the work of the devil . We are now far enough along in the development of science to appreciate that its track record suggests that ultimately it will find natural causes for natural phenomena .	But wait a minute ! Has n't science found that it 's scientifically impossible for Jesus to be born of a virgin - no Y-chromosome ? Why is he willing to forfeit science and accept the Bible in that regard , and forfeit the Bible in so many other respects ? Why is it okay for him to accept the virgin birth of Christ , and riducule anyone who believes in the creation of the first man , Adam ? If God could handle the Y-chromosome , could n't God also handle creating the first , fully formed man ? He calls Adam `` fictional '' on page 5 . It becomes more and more clear why atheists are comfortable with theistic evolution . If there was no Adam , there was no original sin , and no genealogy as described in the book of Genesis , only monkeys . Except for his amazing exception to science in the virgin birth of Jesus , he seems to allow evolutionistic pronouncements to have priority over Biblical statements . Then ALL the basics of Christianity , the nature of God and central New Testament teachings , including the way the sinner Adam ( one man ) and the Savior Jesus ( one man ) are linked together in Romans 5 , 16-18 , are trivialized just the way atheists love . No wonder they 're so comfortable with theistic evolution ! On the bottom of page 235 , Miller 's comment about `` just about any preacher I have had the patience to listen too ... .. '' speaks volumes - his cluelessness about original sin and many other things about Christianity shows he has n't had patience to listen to too many . But patience does n't seem to be a factor when it comes to his enthusiasm for Darwin 's works . He finishes the book with `` What kind of God do I believe in ? The answer is in these words . I believe in Darwin 's God . '' Sorry folks . It 's going to take more than a herd of angry atheists to convince me that he 's anything but a phony . I hope this thread gets some civilized responses .	neutral	sarc
why did hitler pursue the master race of white protestant ...	He did n't pursue the `` master race of white Protestant . '' He was a pure Aryanist , genius one . The very least you could do is get your facts straight , but you probably like spreading this bullcrap on purpose . ( Seeing as how you 're an atheist . )	disagree	sarc
That 's exactly it . It 's not as though we can effortlessly rebuttle every single one of your posts as we 've done in the past . It 's not as though we 're tired of your absence when it 's your turn to defend your position . Oh no , it 's only because the cat 's got my tongue .	yea you 've rebuttled every one of my posts with rhetoric . How do you explain how The Computational and Analytical Molecular Evolution Laboratory is calling for a new synthesis based on `` biased '' mutations ? ? ? ? ? ? let 's hear it .	disagree	sarc
This is not because her life is sacred , but because her body is her own to control . I think , the point we are really disagreeing on here is that I believe a persons right to have control over their own body is their right naturally , and it dose not depend on the mystical idea that life is sacred .	No , I do n't disagree with this , I agree with this , but this also implies you ca n't go around killing other people on the basis that they `` can be considered part of the mother '' under some worldview .	neutral	sarc
Lurch , I do n't appreciate your condescending tone . If you want to challenge my assertion that you are a pompous XXX that jumps to conclusions , you will need to be a little less judgemental and start thinking outside of Darwin 's Black Box .	Well it was n't actually condescending but a challenge . Are you saying that you are n't up to it ? If you want I 'll start calling you names too . Is n't it funny how creationists begin that sort of thing when someone doubts their dogma ? As for thinking outside the box , I can guarantee that evolutionary biology requires more thinking and encountering of new and difficult ideas than creationism does . To study science no one begins by signing an agreement to believe only religious dogma or to reject any scientific fact that disagrees with the mythology of bronze age herdsmen . In fact , you make a name in science by challenging established dogma . Just think about the famous scientists . Besides , how can I speak to you on an equal level about science when you do n't seem to understand it very well . Anyone who demands proof has no idea what science is or how it works . Then shall we start with a discussion of the carina ? I was n't sure that you were familiar with the terms and it makes the discussion easier to use the correct terms . Without discussing these structures and comparing them to theropods and birds you really ca n't understand why it is so clearly a transitional . But if you do n't want the condescending tone , then you need to pay attention . Perhaps if I told you to follow with your finger as you read it would help . If you can call me a pompous XXX the it should be OK if I call you ignorant , is n't it ? Why else would you be asking me at the end of your post I claimed exactly the opposite of what I actually claimed . I 'll explain at the risk of hurting your feelings again . Herring gulls and Lesser black-backed gulls do not interbreed . They are reproductively isolated . They fit quite nicely into the definition you gave of an insipient species . So Herring gulls do n't reproduce with Lesser black-backed gulls but herring gulls can reproduce with American herring gulls to the west , which can reproduce with gulls to the west and so on until you get to the Lesser black-backed gull ( which do n't reproduce with Herring gulls ) They are classified as separate species even though they are at the extreme ends of a single population . They illustrate one way that species develop . There are other examples of ring species , the most famous being a salamander in California and a bird around the Tibetan plateau . So how about this ? Genetic studies were done of Brown bears from around the world . Their DNA was very similar and they seem all populations seem to be able to interbreed as far as we know . Except for the Brown bears of the ABC Islands Although they look like other Brown bears , the have distinctive differences in their DNA . It is closer to Polar bear DNA , even though the Polar looks quite different and has characteristics not found in Brown bears . But guess what . All these bears can interbreed , including Polar bears with Grizzly bears . OK . Your turn for a few insults . I have come to expect it from creationists .	disagree	sarc
You need to read what people say more thoroughly , and think about it before you respond . When he said `` can '' ( and there are not many simpler words than that ! ) It did n't mean `` will '' , `` must '' , or `` shall '' be more aggressive . It has been shown that in some cases it `` CAN '' happen . It may not have happened with you . It still might , we do n't know . We might even say that it is not likely to happen , but we ca n't say that it wo n't , because sometimes some people do behave more aggressively when they have a gun .	So now we should be making laws on the basis that it can happen ? Maybe we should start rethinking our laws regarding sex offenders since all men can commit rape and just might ; maybe we should arrest them now and force them to register as `` potential future sex offenders '' ? By your same logic of `` can happen '' we should revise our marriage laws to define marriage as being between two carbon based entities , because we might one day make contact with an alien species that 's silicon based . Just because something could take place , does n't mean that it might , or that it will . A pilot could go screwball and fly a 747 passenger plane into the Statue of Liberty tomorrow , are you proposing we institute new laws because something like that might happen ? How far do you want to take the preemptive strike thing ? Should we make it illegal for people to gather in public in groups of two or larger because anything else might be considered a violent mob assembly for the basis of creating terror and chaos ?	disagree	sarc
He probably means `` heathens . '' You know those non-fundamentalists , they all look alike !	I think he does n't really know what he means , I do n't think all heathens follow a particular set of beliefs , though I do n't know as many as I do pagans .	neutral	sarc
If I take a simple structure , modify it to form something more complex , is that not a change in complexity ?	Forming something complex =/= increasing capacity and adaption Yet another lie here :	neutral	notsarc
Richard Leakey : `` If I were going to draw a family tree for man , I would just draw a huge question mark . ''	And from this we are to infer that Leakey doubts human evolution ? There is by now a huge variety of fossil hominids . If Leakey was admitting that it was difficult to be certain which were or were not directly ancestral to modern humans , this is no more than scientific honesty .	neutral	notsarc
A few blocks from my house there is a group of stores with some offices on the second floors . Apparently there is a Planned Parenthood office in the complex because a group of anti-abortion protestors were there the other day . I didn’t know that before then . I wondered what they hoped to accomplish by their protest so I asked them . One woman said she hoped to discourage women from considering abortion . I didn’t think of it at the time , but Planned Parenthood does a lot more than abortion services . I wonder if the protests might also dissuade a young woman who was seeking contraceptive services from going into that office as well . If this were the case , the abortion protests would accomplish the opposite of their goal . They potentially could have increased the chances of an unwanted pregnancy by discouraging contraceptive use . In turn , this might increase the chances of an abortion . I wonder if anti-abortion folks ever consider that ?	The goal of anti-abortionist is clear . The job of self restraint is that of each participant in their close encounters .	neutral	notsarc
To say a fish became amphibian , and offer no transtional from is ridiculous .	And to deny that there are no transitionals without having the integrity to at least making an effort to learn what you are talking about is ridiculous . There are lots of transitional fossils . Museums are full of them and more are being discovered on an almost daily basis . There are news stories that report them all over the place . Try reading At the Water 's Edge : Fish with Fingers , Whales with Legs , and How Life Came Ashore but Then Went Back to Sea by Carl Zimmer . It will tell you about two transitional series . Also read Taking Wing : Archaeopteryx and the Evolution of Bird Flight by Pat Shipman for the story of what we can learn from even limited transitional specimens and why . Also read The Mistaken Extinction : Dinosaur Evolution and the Origin of Birds by Lowell Dingus and Timothy Rowe . I found the book excellent even though recent finds of feathered dinosaurs have made some of the material a bit dated . It will give you an idea of how the fossil record fits together . At least you might learn what a transitional is .	disagree	notsarc
All the knowledge from Science has come from trusting mutual experience . It has gotten us far and will continue to ( as long as we do n't destroy ourselves in misusing that knowledge ) .	But the belief that 'its gotten us far ' is itself a 'scientific ' type belief , in fact it has less proof on the empirical assumptions than the science itself . Justifying the validity of experience by experience is the intellectual equivalent of saying 'God must exist , because God is good and would not allow a world without God ' .	disagree	notsarc
On the contrary , the Pro-lifers are acting like the slave traders . Anyone who denies a human being a fundamental human right because of a physical feature is more like the slave traders than everything . Let me also remind you that black people were sentient . Fetuses are not .	Pro-lifers are like slave traders ? What a pro-lifers trading ? Anyone who denies a human being a fundamental human right is a slave trader ... like a right to life ... ? ? ?	disagree	sarc
Creationism means religion , but it also involves a belief in the authenticity of historical documents that have been meticulously preserved over thousands of years . That 's not just religion , it 's secular , observed history - something evolution does n't have .	Not historical documents but mythology . Genesis is n't historical . To believe that it is takes a certain intentional ignorance of the universe .	disagree	notsarc
America has no reason to listen to people in the uk about gun control and now Knife control when its shockingly clear that criminals can still get any gun they want .	And yet , our instances of gun crime are much much lower per capita than yours . Hmmmmm , interesting no ?	disagree	sarc
Sigma , I was only joking . It hit me this morning though that if I 'm willing to talk about abortion without bringing up God , I wonder if the Pro-Choicers could argue their position without bringing up `` women 's rights '' . ; - )	I 'd be willing to give it a shot . Except , you can not bring up `` right to life '' but can use God all you want .	neutral	notsarc
They itch .	How do you know this and why would this be a detriment to the species ?	neutral	notsarc
Well , at least the biological sciences and physics . The physicists also try to devise ways to keep their pet theories afloat so that the vast majority of the population can continue to be snow-blinded . Take their lie that there is some magical attraction between bodies of matter . The truth lies in Intelligent Falling - glory to the intelligent designer .	HEY ! I resemble that remark ! As a textbook-thumpin ' ( bio ) chemist , I am outraged at your ignorance of the chemistry pro-evolution sham . Remember , we 're responsible for the Miller-Urey experiment and all of its subsequent variations . We 've devised ways to analyze biochemically important molecules without altering them beyond recognition . We 're the methods behind such processes as genetic analysis and gene cloning . Carbocation hyperconjugation , keto-enol tautomerization ... C'mon , `` stable '' radioactive decay rates where if we lose half after 5700 years , we do n't lose the other half after 5700 more ? It 's all just a ruse to save Darwinian theory . Hell , chemistry is the glue that holds biology and physics together ! You 'd better think twice about calling us a real science . We 're just as much a sham as everyone else ...	neutral	sarc
It is my hope that before I die that I see the barbaric act of legaling killing babies in the womb , Rowe V Wade overturned and give the decision on abortion back to individual state so that all these beautiful babies . gifts from God hve a chance at life ... ... ... ..	And if the state decides to keep abortion legal ? Then you do n't care if these `` gifts from God '' have a chance or not ?	disagree	sarc
We are setting up permanent bases in Iraq to steal their oil Bush is going to disband Congress and declare himself emperor Bush is going to nuke Iran and North Korea Bush is going to turn America into a theocracy Blah Blah Blah	I ca n't tell . Are you a Bush supporter or not ? ( Just kidding ... )	neutral	sarc
Creationists define true Christians to be only those who agree with them . Consequently these clergy are not Christians so their opinions can be discarded .	There are n't many christians then .	neutral	sarc
Obama Pushes Anti-gun Treaty `` In actuality , according to ATF special agent William Newell , about 17 percent of guns associated with crime in Mexico came from the United States . '' I ca n't find a quote from Special Agent Newell saying any such thing . Mr. Newman 's figure of 17 % coming from the US is also erroneous . The 17 % can only be attached to those weapons for which there was a successful trace back to the US from the group of 11,000 submitted by Mexican authorities . The percentage of the total confiscated that actually came from the US is not known since some submitted for trace could n't be traced while the majority confiscated were not even requested to be traced , for whatever reason .	Its the reading comprehension thing kicking in . ... [ according to ATF special agent William Newell , about 17 percent of guns associated with crime in Mexico came from the United States . ... 5th paragraph	neutral	sarc
So , by your logic , if there 's a bad cop in New York , then all the cops in Boise , Idaho must be bad as well .	The cops do n't claim supreme moral or secular authority . Not to mention they do bust their own and send them the jail . The Vatican does n't do that . Also , the Cops do n't shuffle around known law breakers and refuse to tell the public . Also , the cops do n't glorify a known law breaker , they send the sucker to prison . While the cops do have their problems : they do n't pretend like they do n't exist . Seriously , was that some **** poor attempt at trying to get me back ?	disagree	sarc
Wow , a story about a sea monster . How ... ... .. original ... ... ... Wow , so Balrogs existed according to the Bible ? Whoda thunk . As above How about this explanation - you 're reading WAAAAAY too much into your precious Bible .	What is incredible is that this is probably the most enlightened response I can expect from this crowd .	neutral	sarc
This question is premised on an untenable assumption : that people should not be allowed to vote on particular issues . This premise is clearly not true in any democratic society , and is especially not true in the United States . In the United States , it is a contradiction in terms to say someone is not allowed to vote on X. I have demonstrated this before , and yet the same silly question keeps coming up .	Let me rephrase this . Why do people think they have a right to vote upon some one elses life ?	neutral	sarc
Is asking two people really a poll ? Waxy	Just how many graduates of the ICR Graduate School in geology and working in the oil industry do you think there are ?	neutral	sarc
I must say , it takes a butt to know a butt and to hang out exclusively for butt news .	Hello dierrier ! I would say you got your steotopegia handed to you in your hat I bet the shot men get out of the hospital before those women do and with less visible damage . Or mental either for that matter . Know how many lives are lost from medical mistakes each year ? Take a wild ( a word you are very familiar with ) guess ? You are over ten times more likely to die from a medical mistake than to ever be shot . Why do we tolerate this ? Just like guns , doctors prevent more deaths than medical error costs . Now these women will probably be doing the moon walk for a long time if not forever . Your chance of dying from a medical mistake is 90 times more likely from the hands of your doctor than ever being accidentally shot !	neutral	sarc
What you have advanced as a proof of evolution actually proves what ?	Science does n't offer proof . Are you so ignorant ? Much less can science offer `` proof '' of evolution by means of organ transplants . The idea is simple minded at best . since it seems to be important to you , why do n't you offer `` proof '' that evolution doe n't happen . Other creationists have already admitted that it does in this thread .	disagree	sarc
Originally posted by voiceofreason A study done by the Violence Policy Center showed that lots of terrorists , presidential assassins , white supremacists , and criminals visit gun shows and purchase dangerous weapons .	# 1 , There have n't exactly been a lot of presidential assassins , or gun weilding terrorists for that matter , for the Violence Policy center to be harping about . Where are these lots of terrorists and presidential assassins hiding at ? If the VPC knows and has n't reported them , then the VPC has committed a felony . # 2 And there is nothing illegal about being a white supremacist . While I despise their ideas , I fully support their right to have them .	disagree	sarc
If IC is a concept then it can be defeated by a concept .	So the only purpose of the concept of scaffolding is to defeat IC ?	disagree	sarc
If she does not want the child she can refrain from sex , use a contraceptive or abortion . If he does not want it he can refrain from sex ( not likely for men ) , use a condom ( not a guarantee to work ) , have surgery ( hard to reverse ) but that is it .	I think according to your logic that the man ought to have the right to force the woman to have an abortion . If abortion is a legitimate means for her to rid herself of the responsibilities of parenthood , then abortion is likewise a legitimate means for a man who desires to rid himself of the responsibilities of parenthood . You have failed to show why this is n't the case . You have merely made a statement unsupported by any reasons .	disagree	notsarc
Not so . Systems are extended , temporally . They are a series of connected , interdependent events , and not a singlular event , by definition . Therefore there is no saying that what determines them is a single set of 'initial conditions ' , since even the simplest allopatric systems [ such as the solar system ] , are constantly and perpetually receiving fresh input on top of whatever their 'initial conditions ' may have been . Initial conditions start systems going , but they continue on thanks to constant input ; otherwise entropy puts a stop to them . Therefore it is false to believe that `` if you could trace the evolution of [ any ] system back in time with perfect accuracy , [ then what it is now ] would all be originally determined by the system 's initial state . `` .	But of course ! Of course you have to take into account all the input that any one system receives from all external sources in order to trace back to an initial state . ( No system can ever be truly closed , truly isolated from the rest of the universe , for what should be obvious reasons . Certain systems are only classified as 'closed ' for experiments ' sake because they have been very efficiently isolated and the parameters of unavoidable input are precisely calculable and can be subtracted from results , thereby giving the results that a truly closed system would provide . ) In your pool-shot example below , for instance , the initial state must take account of the wear & amp ; tear of the table , the strength of the cue , the slope of the floor , humidity , temperature and every other variable . So any such 'backtracking ' ( which is highly hypothetical given the extreme complexity of the calculations ) has to take into account the knowledge that no system is isolated . This is part of what chaos theory attempts to do , and why chaos theory must deal in probabilities until we have computers ordres of magnitude more powerful than we do today .	neutral	notsarc
I recall learning about genetics and Mendel at secondary school , but not specifically Darwinism . I learnt more through my own readings when I was young . Most of my academic study on it was n't until University , although I did do some paleontology in my A levels as well as more on genetics .	What are 'a levels ' ? Is that at university , or school ?	neutral	notsarc
unkerpaulie I think your analogy breaks down with a little thought . If I have a check for a million dollars and I take it to a copy machine and make a copy , I am quite aware that the copy will not be perfect . There is an imperfect mechanical divice between the check and the copy . Or are you saying that God has a big imperfect copy machine that he jumps into and out pops an imperfect copy . My thought was that God was the direct agent of creation ( without the use of intervening mechanical devices ) , and being a perfect Being incapable creating imperfection ( for then He would not be God ) , all of His creation would be as perfect as He is . So does this perfect God have a spine that is a plethora of engineering disasters ?	an image is not the original . a photo of you is not you , its an image of you . the image can not be or replace the original , and isnt intended to regardless of how `` perfect '' the photocopier is , you can not cash the `` perfect '' copy of the check . it may be a perfect replica , to the detail , but it is still only an image . the problem isnt the quality of the copying process , but the fact that the copy itself is just that , a copy , not the original	neutral	notsarc
Well , this comes from the same people who invented the death pannels . The truth is that all the developed countries ( all of Europe , Canada , Japan , Australia , New Zealand , Taiwan , Israel ) have universal healthcare . Their COST per capita is about half of ours . They have better outcomes . Universal healthcare has been tried in many places and it does work . What does not work is our current system . Wellpoint has just increased premiums by 30 % even wiyhout a reform bill . They spend 30 % on administrative costs . BTW , do you oppose the bill that would force them to limit the administrative costs to 20 % ?	Now name one country with universal socialized healthcare with a population of 300 million citizens modulus , just one if you can . Your exemplar countries are tiny in comparison to us so lets get realistic and compare apples to apples for once , ok ?	neutral	notsarc
That Department of Justice study does n't support your opinion since it does n't examine crime statistics after the UK gun ban . Sounds like the UK crime rate has been going down to me . Alfaholic is jumping to conclusions .	I guess you failed to look at these two . http : //reason.com/0211/fe.jm.gun.shtml http : //www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,59866,00.html Here 's a little question ... . If you were a criminal ... . would you rather rob from a house where you knew the owner did n't have a gun or would you rob someone you knew had a gun ?	neutral	sarc
I 'm not sure on the details of their plan , likely because they are n't sure of them . We 're still in the process of spending around 3 billion to register all the firearms in Canada . The announcement is a blatant attempt to garner votes in Toronto and Ontario , key election areas , where gun violence is highest . I have no use for handguns , and I do n't even know anyone that would be directly affected by the ban , but it 's a matter of principle . It 's the first step on a slippery slope . We all know that the vast majority of gun crime is carried out with registered , legally obtained handguns . Therefore , banning handguns in Canada will surely solve the problem . Where do they find the retards that dream this stuff up ? First of all , handguns are nearly impossible to obtain legally in Canada as it is , 95 % + of handguns used in crimes in Canada have been illegally smuggled into the country from the USA . Even the police forces are saying that the law is pointless as it would only serve to increase the smuggling of handguns from the US , and would likely not have any impact on the rate of handgun use in crimes . On top of that , it would no doubt be another extremely expensive venture . There are times when I really question the intelligence of the average Canadian , especially those in Ontario and Quebec . Some of them need a dose of reality . Waxy	Does the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms permit the private ownership of handguns or perhaps ( as in the US ) grant a right to bear arms `` that shall not be infringed '' ?	neutral	notsarc
A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed . The individual right to keep and bear arms shall not be denied or infringed by the State or a political subdivision of the State .	Other states have made similar revisions . I would encourage people in states that have n't to push their elected officials to do so .	agree	notsarc
Oh , wait , I forgot , you do n't believe that an entirely unique human being with it 's own unique DNA qualifies as a person .	But if one can be a person without having unique DNA , then your qualification is at best incomplete . As it stands , it follows from your claim that monozygotic multiple births are not people . See my further deconstruction of your arguments in your own `` Kill ! Kill ! Kill ! '' thread .	neutral	sarc
The moth didnt evolve into a new colour in any way , it 's just proof of natural selection !	Actually , it was a new color . The black morph was first observed in 1848 . That color arose by mutation . Similar mutations have been observed in the same gene in other species of moth . Nor is it proof of anything . And natural selection is but one of several mechanisms of evolution .	disagree	notsarc
Makes one wonder if things got out of hand and the protesters started throwing rocks through the window , and if the terrified home owner would have stepped out with a fire arm , am I wrong to think that the DC police would have shot the home owner ?	Sinjin . This is not an Anti-union rant . This is a DC police , and Township police question . SEIU Service Employees Union International . In other words , all of the people involved are employed by the Government . That means they work for us . The Police are employed by us . The DC Police backed the SEIU , and the article said they were there to protect SEIU . And maybe even worse than that , is the fact that the township police were maybe either afraid of SEIU or were sympathetic to their goals . And Screw that ! ! ! ! ! ! They are employed to protect the people on that street . Otherwise , we have anarchy . But , it is a fact that , Everyone there is employed by us . However , if this not be the case , I asked for an explanation that makes sense . But , if this be true , and if it is n't brought under control , are we then supposed to then fear our very own police because maybe they belong to SEIU , or hope to join ? Or something ? Or whatever ? I do n't know . Then who do we trust ? Whom can we then count on besides ourselves ? If that be the case , what do we need police for ? If the home owner does n't know who is the enemy in this situation , and who is coming to help , this is a tragic circumstance I do n't even want to contemplate ! Too much corruption for my small brain to try and figure out ! I can tell you that much ! Can SEIU take over law enforcement just that easily ? Are we subject to be held up by a Police Union ? I do n't know the answers to these questions . So I asked for help figuring it out . I think you belong to SEIU , are you proud of this situation ? It also turns out that the Bank Executive worked for the Clinton Administration so I am defending someone from your party . This is n't partisanship !	neutral	notsarc
Women have been denigrated and made fun of for centuries . I 've just gotten tired of it -- and righteously so .	It 's interesting that you mention this because this was actually prophesied right from the beginning by God . Down through the centuries , women have been mistreated and often considered to be second-rate humans . This is because of imperfection , an imperfection that God could foresee : “Your craving will be for your husband , and he will dominate you.” ( Genesis 3:16 ) Obviously men are not without blame too , but ultimately , due to disobedience to God , both Adam and Eve have had to pay the price and so have their offspring .	agree	notsarc
EDIT : with regards to specifically Nazism - the Nazis passed two relevant laws in 1938 . One loosened gun control on the general populace , the other banned Jews from weapon ownership .	And the Jews were the ones who got killed off in large numbers .	neutral	sarc
Pregnancy is ALWAYS physically harmful . You try carrying a load of extra weight about and see what that does to your heart . It is also always life threatening - women still die from it and you never know how childbirth is going to go . These are the normal , frequent or expectable temporary side effects of pregnancy : -- exhaustion ( weariness common from first weeks ) -- altered appetite and senses of taste and smell -- nausea and vomiting ( 50 % of women , first trimester ) -- heartburn and indigestion -- constipation -- weight gain -- dizziness and light-headedness -- bloating , swelling , fluid retention -- hemmorhoids -- abdominal cramps -- yeast infections -- congested , bloody nose -- acne and mild skin disorders -- skin discoloration ( chloasma , face and abdomen ) -- mild to severe backache and strain -- increased headaches -- difficulty sleeping , and discomfort while sleeping -- increased urination and incontinence -- bleeding gums -- pica -- breast pain and discharge -- swelling of joints , leg cramps , joint pain -- difficulty sitting , standing in later pregnancy -- inability to take regular medications -- shortness of breath -- higher blood pressure -- hair loss -- tendency to anemia -- curtailment of ability to participate in some sports and activities -- infection including from serious and potentially fatal disease ( pregnant women are immune suppressed compared with non-pregnant women , and are more susceptible to fungal and certain other diseases ) -- extreme pain on delivery -- hormonal mood changes , including normal post-partum depression -- continued post-partum exhaustion and recovery period ( exacerbated if a c-section -- major surgery -- is required , sometimes taking up to a full year to fully recover ) These are the normal , expectable , or frequent PERMANENT side effects of pregnancy : -- stretch marks ( worse in younger women ) -- loose skin -- permanent weight gain or redistribution -- abdominal and vaginal muscle weakness -- pelvic floor disorder ( occurring in as many as 35 % of middle-aged former child-bearers and 50 % of elderly former child-bearers , associated with urinary and rectal incontinence , discomfort and reduced quality of life ) -- changes to breasts -- varicose veins -- scarring from episiotomy or c-section -- other permanent aesthetic changes to the body ( all of these are downplayed by women , because the culture values youth and beauty ) -- increased proclivity for hemmorhoids -- loss of dental and bone calcium ( cavities and osteoporosis )	Hmm . . . a lot of these could also be brought on by sitting in a chair for long periods of time trying to make sweeping online statements that pregnancy is always harmful and trying to back it up with either temporary issues , worst-case scenarios that rarely happen , or things for which it is debatable whether or not it is truly 'harmful . '	neutral	sarc
You were rather ambiguous on that point earlier . Just out of curiosity , what do you mean by “we ? ”	If you had a look at all of the other threads on this topic you would see that .	neutral	sarc
Are poverty and starvation only an excuse for abortions ? - Yahoo ! Mxico Respuestas Are poverty and starvation only an excuse for abortions ? When a serial killer of women acts , nobody says that it is OK because he is getting women `` freedom of misery '' . It is evident that not all his victims were poor and that murder is not the way to solve poverty . Is it not evident then that argument , applied to infanticide is only a dirty trick to say that it is compassionate an evil selfish action ?	Yeah - lets see how many fetuses get to leave that womb successfully when mom is starving .	neutral	sarc
I invite you to compare that list to the Steve list , now at 720+ scientists named Steve who accept evolution as the correct explanation for the observed diversity of life .	As of this post , Project Steve stands at 703 Steves . The Steve-o-Meter 's visual representation is a little misleading .	neutral	sarc
best way to create jobs has always been to go to war .	I think you are probably right .	agree	sarc
Are n't there already drugs in existence that contain the chemicals that are ( supposedly ) beneficial in marijuana ( i.e . THC ) ?	I looked it up and apparently there is a synthetic form of THC on the market , ( generically known as Dronabinol and sold under the trade name Marinol ) . But it is only allowed under restricted prescription ( it 's a Schedule II controlled substance , the same as morphine or cocaine ) and is far less effective than plant-derived THC .	agree	notsarc
In our system of justice , collection of evidence is PROHIBITED by the 4th Amendment without probable cause . There is no crime , thus no exuse to collect evidence .	In theory true but it gets convoluted when the discussion focuses on information that is freely offered by a citizen that seems innocuous but is actually incriminating under certain situations . EZ-Pass could be used to issue speeding tickets ; the authorities know the minimum time it should take to travel between exits . . . You do it in a shorter time and you are issued a ticket . You have provided the authorities the evidence of your criminality and the means to prove it - but is that self-incrimination ?	neutral	notsarc
