apparently, these "underlying preferences" are of absolutely no effect, since the psychological conditioning  of the individual overrides any other "built-in" trait factor. therefore these "built-in" trait factors are useless in practicality, because nothing about the individual's identity is influenced by them. so why should we even entertain the idea that they exist?	I guess I am just "psychologically conditioned" to be blue eyed.?	sarc
The militia of the Second Amendment is a militia that is described as being well regulated (regulated by both the federal government and the states as spoken of in Article 1 of the Constitution). In our own day, I think the National Guard would be the only militia that qualifies as being well regulated. Alexander Hamilton spoke of the desirability of the militia being well regulated:"It requires no skill in the science of war to discern that uniformity in the organization and discipline of the militia would be attended with the most beneficial effects, whenever they were called into service for the public defense. It would enable them to discharge the duties of the camp and of the field with mutual intelligence and concert an advantage of peculiar moment in the operations of an army; and it would fit them much sooner to acquire the degree of proficiency in military functions which would be essential to their usefulness. This desirable uniformity can only be accomplished by confiding the regulation of the militia to the direction of the national authority. It is, therefore, with the most evident propriety, that the plan of the convention proposes to empower the Union "to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States, RESERVING TO THE STATES RESPECTIVELY THE APPOINTMENT OF THE OFFICERS, AND THE AUTHORITY OF TRAINING THE MILITIA ACCORDING TO THE DISCIPLINE PRESCRIBED BY CONGRESS."The Federalist Papers - THOMAS (Library of Congress)We could go back to the days when most citizens were required to enroll in the militia, have guns and get military training- to what the Founders really meant when they spoke of a well regulated militia being the security of a free state. But the Supreme Court along with pro-gun activists claiming to be pro- Second Amendment have decided to turn their back on that part of the Second Amendment while giving the lip service to the idea of a militia.	Well regulated as in the second amendment does not mean regulated by the government, it means well equiped and prepared. The framers of the constitution often spoke of a tyrannical government and how to keep one from coming to power, so why in the hell would they have said lets just give the government total control of guns. Your definition of well regulated makes about as much sense as adding another day to the week.	notsarc
"So, anyhow, can you tell me, in a nutshell, how looking at the bone structure can tell one how a creature lived it's life? It's specific habitats? What it ate?"Outside of a nutshell, you still didn't answer the question.	I didn't answer or you didn't understand? Actually I did answer. The knee joint I described is from a bipedal hominid - there is no question about it. The skull, even though I gave it very ape-like features, is from a biped. There are many examples of what I described.	notsarc
So what rational reason would there be to deny them the right to marry the person they love?	They can "marry" whomever they love. Benefits though, are a different matter. The state and society views marriage as an opposite-sex institution. It's not about anyone getting harmed; no one said it was.	notsarc
doesn't really change the fact that you were either entirely ignorant of casualties figures, or flat out lied. we got attacked because of our involvement in iraq by the way. those attacks wouldnt have occurred has it not been for the iraq war. that said terrorism isn't new at all here. the ira have been failing at it for decades, some crazy extremists aren't going to do much better. -wez	oh yes. that's why the brits took fast and sure measures to round up the islamofascist jerks. wish we could do the same here, oh yes, i almost forgot.we are!!	sarc
do you have proof of such a statement? And what does this have to do with writing an article? What a ridiculous comeback. You don't know your evolutionary theory.	Right. Please, reread your argument. Not to mention what Woodward actually said about Piltdown man. www.talkorigins.org	notsarc
Yawn, refer to the above post you clever little cookie. You're obviously the other 'half' of the brain cell missing from the preacher.	Yes when not hailing jesus, he likes to leave droppings here and there about the boards ...	sarc
Because it is not germane to the topic under discussion and is nothing more than an attempt to hijack the forum into a discussion that is already present in another thread.If after chloe answers my question, which was first, she wants to have that discussion in the appropriate forum, I will be more than happy to oblige her.	Why am I not surprised chester, that chloe directly giving an in depth answer to you is perceived as not being germane to the topic. Since you never directly answer any proposition forwarded as you derail every thread by just serving up your off topic tripe. emoticonXGood	sarc
the only stupid gun laws are the laws that arent strict enoughlike the law that gun nuts wanted that would allow children to tote around assault rifleshow stupid can you be	What laws are these that you speak of? Kindly provide the bill name and number so you have some actual proof and aren't simply parroting from the fear-mongering Brady Campaign and Violence Policy Center.During World War II the American people rounded up Japanese-Americans and herded them into concentration camps because you were at war with the people of Japan and thought that they were the sleeping enemy even though they had no proof. What you're speaking of is no different than this.The way I see it Brady, your hatred for guns and gun owners is so overwhelming and logic defying, that you'd be perfectly alright with unleashing a life-ending pandemic plague on the people of earth if you believed it would put an end to all gun owners everywhere.	notsarc
A society functions better not on cocaine :)	Does it function better on tobacco? Alcohol? Caffine? How about hundereds and hundereds of different pills?	sarc
it is hard to believe that it won't draw attention away from everyone else. but everyone will get it and it will draw attention away from the families that are there supporting their kids...and the fact still remains that your goal is to influence (or show) the administration when it should be to give your child a good time.  when your purpose is to draw attention it is hard to imagine that it wouldn't take it away from the main purpose. think of it this way...you have 1 camera at the event...you hear about this 't-shirt' thing and all of a sudden the camera is not focusing on the kid tripping over himself to roll the egg but to gay parents wearing these t-shirts and them talking about how they are great parents. my question is...if you are such great parents why aren't you with your kid instead of talking to the tv camera about your personal message? i don't buy it anymore than if someone got a big group together and had t-shirts that said 'i chose life for my child!'.	Ahh but what if all the shirts have only american flags on them. Would it them be a group of patiotic americans and their children? I mean you do tend to see american flag wear, including tee shirts, everywhere. Would it still be considered a protest if all of them had american flag shirts on them.  AHHHH Joe I it hit me of course this is like Ghandis' salt march.	sarc
No it f****n' isn't! If that was the case then Plessy v. Ferguson should have been used as precedent for all the following cases that dealt with segregation and racism. In Plessy the Supreme Court ruled that black men weren't entitled to the same facilities as white men, rather they had to have their own private facilities, separate from those of white men.Forget precedent, the Supreme Court should instead focus on what is truly constitutional regardless of what previous judges have ruled.	I think he is just disturbed because he didn't get his 40 acres and mule?	sarc
go ahead, delude yourselves. that's what you do best. emoticonxrolleyes	i love it when straight, christian folk who disapprove of gays seem to know so much about what it is to be gay - how it feels, how they became that way, the nature of their relationships and whether or not its something they can control. hey archangel - if you ever need brain surgery i know a fantastic auto mechanic you can talk to. emoticonxrolleyes	sarc
all the laws in the world won't work, criminals will always be able to get guns. if they can't buy them, smuggle them in or steal them, they will make them. criminals have even made guns inside maximum security prisons. follow the link. gun-making as a cottage industry	you must be joking. i'm sure that making a gun is quite a bit more complicated than making a paper airplane. then why do nations which ban guns have a much lower gun crime rate than the us? if what you say is true then we would expect to see the same amount of gun crime in nations which ban guns as in the us, but we don't.	notsarc
Okay, here is how it went: God made the animals. He said,"Hey, Adam needs a helper." He brought the animals to Adam to name. He couldn't find a helper for Adam. He then took a rib out of Adam's side to create Eve. This was done on the sixth day. God created them both on the sixth day, Adam first, then Eve out of Adam's side after he had Adam name the animals.	That interpretation is fine except that God says, "I WILL make a helper suitable for him." He hadn't made the animals yet in verse 18, but he created Adam in verse 7.	notsarc
It pretty much puts an end to the argument if you're an atheist.	Apparently in Marc9000's small, small, small world, if you're not a Christian, you're a atheist.   Thus over 4 billion people are atheists. emoticonXAgree	sarc
...if we see relatively few creationists on these boards, all that means is, theres relatively few creationists on these boards. That doesn't prove anything. Right? Lets do some thinking here...	But the point is why are there relatively few creationists. The reason is that the creationist position cannot be defended in open debate. That is why creationist boards censor opposing views. On boards where creationists are not protected there are few.	notsarc
Why is it ok for your side to determine what is right for society but when I offer my vote/opinion, I am imposing something evil on you?	Let me explain this to you.You want to stop abortions for someone else. You want to take a womans right to choose away. Where as Jito supporting a womans right to choose does not impose upon your life in any way.You want to stop me from being able to marry this does not effect your life in any way yet has a devastationg effect on my life. The left supports rights while your side want to limit the rights of others.You want to stop me from being able to marry because you have a religious belief against it even though I may have a religious belief that supports it. Therefore you are imposing your religious and moral views on me when I do not share those beliefs.	notsarc
I've got no problem with it. Geez, your not normal if you don't have it circumcised. Some woman won't want you (sexually) because of it. Babies don't remember the pain. And its not just for religious purposes, come on, the main reason is for hygienics . You could get an infection or something at an older age and have to get that done at 15-16 or so on. How painful would it be to get it then. I am happy I am circumcised, and I am glad my parents did it.	So you are happy that they chopped of the most sensitive part of your penis? That someone took and cut out a part of your body without your consent? What if it where your nipples? After all nipples on men serve no purpose.	sarc
the nra also filed suit this week. yeah, right!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wonder when d.c. is going to run out of money trying to defend the indefensible???	i'm surprised homeland security can't have gun's in dc banned. it's a federal designation, is it not?	notsarc
so do you think a male teacher would also receve a similar sentance as a female teacher?	she is an attractive woman. what was she doing witha 14 yr old? she could probably walk into any local club or bar and pick up the man of her choosing.  does she have a specific thing for kids? will she do it again with another kid once this one grows up? if so she is a predetor. of coarse several hundred years ago kids of this age married and fornicated as part of everyday life. is our society that different than is was then?  i was a horn dog when i was 14. or at least wanted to be.	notsarc
I can well believe Orion saying that you used a source that said the Rabbi's condoned pedaphilia, and denied the holocaust.	Did you go to college, Trebor? You might want to look up how "pedophilia" is spelled. LOL!! Then you can go have a beer with Orion and watch his head swivel.	sarc
And what did Noah do about the termites?	Two answers: they were either of the ant kind and didn't eat wood until they underwent hyperevolution after the landing of the ark, or they were placed in a suspended state of hibernation by 'Awlmighty Gawd' (only two - one male and one female, in spite of the fact that termites don't actually propagate that way). It is, after all, the word of Gawd, as revealed in the wholly babble.	sarc
The Attorney General, the chief law enforcement officer of the nation, is "the enemy", but this is not paranoia. Can an immigrant commit treason?	Don't get your panties in a wad, 38 State Attorney Generals signed a brief in opposition to any gun control this clown can dream up.	sarc
are a subset of criminals (ie not all criminals are burglars or muggers). Ripskar pointed out that gangs (criminals, but not necessarily burglars or muggers) tend to have guns. He also stated that burglars and muggers tend not to have guns.	Lemme guess, in real life you're a lawyer, correct? You must be because you're extremely hypertechnical to the point of absurdity. It doesn't matter what you call them, be it criminal or gang member of dope dealer or home invader, if somebody breaks the law then they're a criminal and it's as simple as that.Seriously dude, you're trying to get off on a technicality here. Like a lawyer trying to argue "Your honor my client isn't a prostitute, she's a female escort". Doesn't matter what you call it or what you try to pass it off as, a criminal is a criminal regardless of what their formal title is.So which is Ripskar, do criminals have guns and are likely to shoot you in the face and kill you, or do they not have guns at all. It's one or the other, it can't be both.	sarc
i strongly suggest that you do more training, or change subject. emoticonxgood	oh, so now you're claiming to be a psychologist too?! wow, you sure get aroud a lot!  hmmm...a failed shrink arguing over homosexuality with actual homosexuals. what does that suggest?  tomshairybills; you are way over your head and i really hate to be the one who has to keep telling you this, but you're not doing yourself any favors by continuing to dig that hole you're in even deeper.	sarc
So they (pro-life peeps) say abortion is murder. Of course, you can only murder people. So their rule is that fetuses (feti?) are people also. But then they can't explain why fetuses aren't listed on the US Census, or why there isn't a funeral every time a woman has a miscarriage. Pretty much, along with the rules of having children, you would have to acquire the birth certificate during conception, you would have to pay taxes for children, even if you're only pregnant, etc.Or am I missing something? Care to clarify, anybody who disagrees?	Yes, you are missing something. How come age doesn't start at conception? How come when babies are born they aren't 9 months old instead of, well, seconds old.	notsarc
you can choose to have faith i whatever you want. some feel the bible represents the historical accounts of jesus. it could be mythical, magical or whatever. but, there are many who feel this is real and was produced to represent fact not fiction. you can choose to believe it or not. i don't think that the harry potter series was ever considered anything but fiction. and, i said i interpret it as i desire...not.others. yes, practices at the time condoned many of the things you state, but the bible was about jesus with many of the practices of the time added as historical color not relevant to the actual text itself.	i do not understand how sexism, slavery and filicide fit into a being that is supposed to be infinitely moral. care to justify that for me? oh wait... you can't.	sarc
Even if the number of defensive uses is only 800,000 a year, that's still a rate of more than 53 to 1 when compared to the number of homicides committed with a firearm.Kleck was a supporter of the anti-gun position. But then he decided to go and commit the ultimate sin that a liberal could: he began to think in a logical and questioning manner. If he could learn the error of his ways, why can't you?Even if the number of defensive uses is only 100,000 that's still more than 6 to 1 when compared to the number of people murdered every year.	Bad comparisons. A fair comparison would be comparing the total number of defensive gun uses to the total number of gun crimes (not just limiting it to gun homicides).	notsarc
They can "marry" whomever they love. Benefits though, are a different matter. The state and society views marriage as an opposite-sex institution. It's not about anyone getting harmed; no one said it was.	BUt it comes down to gay people being harmed by not being allowed to marry. Any time a group is excluded because of someone elses religious beliefs that group is harmed.	notsarc
I wonder what ever happened to the concept of freedom of speech. The day that I have to start worrying about the USA extraditing me to a foreign country because I advocated the death of a Castro wannabe, I'll renounce my US citizenship and move to Canada. emoticonXCensored	It went out the window with the passage of the "Partiot Act".I said that I did not expect Robertson to be charged, did I not? However, I am not a lawyer nor that familar with the "Patriot Act". It is conceivable that he could be charged. I don't really know. But even if he COULD be charged, I certainly would not expect to see it.	notsarc
I think I should move to another country. Are you serious? That's... funny, but not good.	Well, I guess this all just proves that more brain dead crack babies are surviving than I originally thought.	sarc
I would be willing to debate anyone on the topic of whether homosexuals should be allowed to marry. I will take the position that they should not.	if you can find an impartial judge, i'll take you up.	sarc
Christian terrorist #1 Eric Rudolphhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_Robert_RudolphChristian Terrorist #2 Timothy McVeighhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timothy_McVeighChristian terrorist #3 Paul Hillhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Jennings_HillNeed I go on?	Please do, because according to your source McVeigh called himself an Agnostic.	sarc
Why would everybody participate in such a conspiracy?Reputations among scientists are made based on the accuracy of their data and the implications of their discoveries. Why has no one successfully built their career on the sound disproval of ToE?	Because all scientists hate god. Again, this is a fact.	sarc
So with that, it's also pretty easy to imagine that there was no NEED for the human genome to mutate to accommodate a fruitless/vitaminC-less diet. Likewise, we also know that primates also consume a diet high in fruits, leaves and berries, thereby getting plenty of vitamin C. So like humans, primates would have no reason for their genomes to mutate if they ate fruits and leaves high in vitamin C from the beginning.	Well yes, but thats not what DEFECTIVE GULO indicates. If one has external sources of vitamin C, GULO can mutate to be inactive without causing a problem, and once inactive the inactive gene can be inherited without causing problems so long as vitamin C intake is high enough. An inactive GULO indicates that the species has external sources of vitamin C which is essential to many metabolic processes.	notsarc
religion makes people dumb. more accurately it preys upon their dumbness.	quite frankly,i am astounded by you homosexuals (or homosexual supporters) who claim to hate judging yet judge religious people.....those who judge and those who don't... if i were to say a controversial statement such as 'whats the point of entering an exit?' you would have been hurt or angered..yet you would make disrespectful,hatred-provoking comments that was quite the opposite of the message you were spewing just arguments prior to your comment.	notsarc
all of the british papers keep going on about how bad it is, how more people than ever are being gunned down in the streets, how guns are being imported into britain and resold through underground channels, how criminals employ young women to act as gun mules for transporting and storage, etc. now who should we believe more, your or the papers that relate the news to us?	Is that a trick question? No, the tabloid and other gutter press keep going on about how bad it is, because they sell papers by fanning fear and hatred, and fear of crime is one of their biggest markets. Yes there has been an increase in gun crime over the years, but that's largely attributable to increased attractiveness of crime in a society where social mobility has come to a standstill. In any case the number of incidents where firearms are used in crime is still very small, which is why every time someone gets shot it is headline news.   Guns are incredibly rare in this country, the only time I've seen guns in real life (other than air rifles) is on a military base.	notsarc
like stem cell research, same-sex marriage and speaking in tongues? wait, scratch the last one, that's his normal speech pattern. i meant hearing voices in his head giving him direction.	here's the thing about stem cell research... how would stem cell research go against the christian faith. does it go against christ to heal the sick? medicnes could improve greatly with the use of stem cell research. i'll quicky mention 2 people (1 still alive and one dead) who could have (or could be) greatly healed with stem cell research. for one, christerpher reeves could have still been alive if stem cell research could have been done. michael j. fox (and others with parkingson's (sp?) disease) could be greatly helped with the use of stem cell research. oh, and one other thing. bush has no family values. not just tearing apart gay families but also straight families. he sends husbands/fathers, wives/mother's, sons and daughters over to fight a war that we have no business in being in anyway.	notsarc
Words like "high road" coming from your mouth is incredibly funny.Keep at it !!!	I can hear all the scores of laughter now. emoticonXRolleyes emoticonXRolleyes emoticonXRolleyes   But alas, this is pointless, as are you. I'm bored and done.   ciao	sarc
Well, there is no way I'd ever need an abortion, except for rape. I decided at 10 to live a life of celibacy because so much human suffering is related to desires of the flesh.	Well that explains your anger.:p I hope you are blessed with homeliness.:) Makes your commitment easier to keep. How old are you now?	notsarc
your same article says that 'meteorologists say china must shut them down a few weeks before'. yes, it could easily dissipate in 2 weeks. diffusion is much more efficient than you'd think, especially if there is wind involved...	got anything more than your opinion that proves scientifically that the athletes will be completely safe and breathing pristine air with the factories shut down 2 weeks before the games start, and only half the cars taken off the road each day? i mean, it took a decade or more before the la basin declared victory over the dangerous pollutants that prevented asthmatics from going outside on certain days after we attacked the same problem back in the 70s. so don't you think it's a tad naive to think everything will be honky dory after 2 short weeks with these limited actions? and don't forget the neighbors the link mentions and their unending pollutants that will continue to come in on those same winds.	sarc
s/he's a drama queen guys. s/he's eating up the attention. now grind on the organ and watch the monkey dance some more. ;)	she? uh, you don't know me like that, miss thing. you're the one with more pudenda than the pointer sisters. and i'm not eating any attention. i'm mildly amused. i haven't seen any evidence of your reputed prowess here. and why don't you ask the real monkey to dance? somebody at home.	sarc
joe, joe, joe........i'm working to straighten dana out. i think it is a hopeless cause, but i'm trying.	i noticed..., you got a public apology. i'm impressed ;)	notsarc
In effect you are asking "To those of you who don't believe in Adam and Eve - what does Adam and Eve mean?" which is, a nonsense question to put forward.You might be trying to invoke debate from Christians who take a non-literal Biblical approach, if this is what you desire, you have not put the question properly.	We came from apes not created. Why can't people figure that out did any body go to school around here.	sarc
walking away... proves nothing... I cant prove he lived.. and you cant prove he didnt.I however could pull out this 2000 year old book, and the dead sea scrolls.. and say... well.. people have believed he did.. and wrote about it.And the level of detail is such that it would be difficult if not impossible for his existance to be a fable...except of course... we may all be living in a matrix computer program and all this stuff we see right now... maybe an illusion.. so..-Mosheh Thezion	If that's the case I wish someone would unplug me. I'm getting tired of this version of reality.	sarc
I called you a misogynist, dipemoticonXCensored. Read the dang post emoticonXBanghead . I said your misogyny and your bigotry run hand in hand with your brand of Christianity (your bigotry due to how you treat gays).It was in reply to this lovely statement from you: when I stated that I was a woman. Get a reading comprehension, AA. Do you know what misogyny means? Maybe that's your problem.As to me defending gays, I am friends with several, and basically feel disgusted at the way they are treated by people like you and the way they are denied the same rights of marriage that I just obtained with my husband.	Since you're so fond of reporting personal attacks to the mod, maybe someone should return the favor to you? emoticonXRolleyes	sarc
legislative solutions and popular appeal are not the same thing. the legislature is hired to do what's right, not what's popular. that aside, where has the gay rights movement used voting as anything except a measure of last resort? if gays knew they could count on popular support they wouldn't need to fight to get their rights protected. we know this. we also know that's there's lots of big money opposing gay rights, and sadly enough money is often the deciding factor in voting. so where is voting being used as anything other than a last ditch attempt to accomplish something for the gay rights movement?	well, you ignored the part where i said 'voting'. but imo legislative solutions are part and parcel to popular appeal because legislators are voted in on that basis. any legislator claims to 'do what's right.' so elections tend to be popularity contests. and legislators tend to want to keep their constituents happy. oh and just to make sure you understand this kronos so as not to get off in the wrong direction, this is my opinion, just like everything else i've said. it is not a lie. how is that even relevant? i never claimed it was a first resort.	notsarc
A few Bible studies, comparing it to the flow of events, the nature of people, my shortcomings, the shortcomings of science etc, convinced me.	So your biased reading of the Bible coupled with your personal flaws and your misunderstanding of science is the basis of your religiosity? Somehow I don't think that's something you'd really want to brag about...	sarc
i'm kidding, stay as long as you want. attempt the trivial pursuit of beating joecavalry's points	i'm sure i will get bored with the site long before 13000 points. lol! i'm surprised he hasn't.	notsarc
The navy, just like the police, can't possibly be everywhere that danger might raise its ugly head.	And like the police , the Navy could plan and execute raids.	notsarc
=unkerpaulie]its difficult to merge life in its purest form with science, even though science's purpose is to study life. for instance, can life be defined as energy?if so, then birth becomes as much of an enigma as death; is energy created too?	I think the energy( essence of the human life) always was	notsarc
no!! m totaly dsagre wid dis topic. what happn to the emotions of a son when he leave his parents , what happn to a father when he kills his own child aftr knwng that she is a girl.. if their is emotion then why a husband kills his wife only for few rupees..... human thnks only for his gain. their is nothing lyk emotions... :( what centrl goverment did in ramlila maidaan...? in these days every romio has 4to5 juliet n they r talkng about emotions hahahahahaha how funny na ?	no dear! how can we foget about the people who have opened the old age homes for those whose sons have left them? those are real humans!see, we cannot be so pessimistic to look at the negative side,even if the real humans are surrounding us, the brightness of sun cannot be hidden by the patches of clouds	notsarc
i'm used to reading non sequiturs from you, but how on earth you imagine this follows in any way from the post you quote eludes me completely.	Is North Korea a bastion of peace and good-living? Nope. Is it religious? Nope. Therefore obstacles to 'peace' don't necessarily have to be tied in with religiosity.  Hope that's spelt out enough for you. Try to keep up.	sarc
so says the offspring of islam.....still wrong but vehement in his certitude. sheer bluster and effrontery does nothing to counter jo's calm and factual comments.	which is pretty much normal for arch. do you think he realizes that many muslims in europe are cultural muslims? that many who emigrate to europe are quite disgusted with what they see back in their homelands? the rise of gay muslims in europe is quite interesting as to how they have fully adopted the views of their adopted european homeland and are afraid of returning to their original home countries. the notion that arch has that once a muslim always a crazy muslim is pretty nuts, but nothing but typical from a guy who thought that tv props are good evidence for 6,000 year old acts of creation.	notsarc
did you miss the part where it is... the attempt to abort. which kills the women.it is not child birth that kills those women.it is an attempt to abort.if they didnt try and kill their baby.. they would not of died.Having a child, is not a trajedy... its just part of life.its not a wrongful burden... or a flaw of existance.. its nature.dah... do you even read what is being posted?-Mosheh Thezion	Yes, do you? It's in a country with no medical facilities, no sterile place to get it done. A country full of HIV and AIDS. I wouldn't be surprised if these mothers had HIV/AIDS and knew they'd leave their child an orphan.	notsarc
That's my claim	What's your claim? That the seasonal molt of arctic foxes is evolution or that it is not? As usual, your responses show muddled thinking.	notsarc
You wouldn't want the perp to be disadvantaged too much now would you? How many shots must one allow the perp before you can fire back?	I'm not against concealed carry in principle but open carry seems silly to me. I smell posers.	notsarc
no, it wouldn't. i suspect the manufacturer chose to stop participating because it didn't make economic sense. feel free to organize your own challenge to the consumer product safety laws of ca.	oh, how about the other states charge a special fee to inspect anything imported from kalifornia? seems like there was a little trade war going on over oj from florida and texas once and kalifornia lost.  what does the constitution of the u.s. say about powers prohibited to the states? reckon kalifornia is bound by the u.s. constitution? emoticonxagree	sarc
So the argument that this is a breach of separation of church and state is pretty weak, IMO.	Oh, oh, and don't forget to include the proposed Federal Kosher Amendment's text, which just coincidentally matches the Levitical proscriptions, in your argument that things like the FMA have nothing to do with separation of church and state.	sarc
First thing I want to say is that I dont want to offend anyone but for me abortion was the best option. I also want to say that I love Christ will all my heart. He has forgiven me for my sins and because ive had an abortion does not mean im not a Christian and yes I was a christian when I did have an abortion. I had an abortion just this past june. ...I grew up in a christian home and was anti abortion most of my life but honestly I felt so relieved after having the abortion.	I am so sorry to hear about what has happened to you. I hope you get away from this terrible man and surround yourself with people who love you.I must ask, though, why are you a Christian? You completely disagree with typical Christian sentiments on abortion, you feel none of the purported guilt the religious movement implies is inevitable, you feel like you did the right thing, so why would you continue to profess to belong to this religion if you disagree with one of the major issues of the day?	notsarc
*interupts debate for a second* Yay! Welcome. :)	Guess what, I'm pro-life as well, that is why I'm also pro-choice.	notsarc
don't add words that are not there. unbe-freakin-lievable! how many times do i have to repeat this...  the department shall post the required individual abortion form on its stable internet web-site. nothing in the individual abortion form shall contain the name, address, or information specifically identifying any patient. the department's individual abortion form shall be substantially similar to, but need not be in the specific format, provided in subsection f of this section do you understand what 'posting' means? my information is not posted on any 'secure web-site'. if it's posted, it's obviously available for anybody who wants to review it!	you're hopeless. what do you thing a stable website in which only authorized personnel have access to would be considered in layman's terms? answer: a secure website.emoticonxbangheademoticonxbanghead i already cited the section of the bill that backs up my statement above, so don't bother trying to refute it.	sarc
I believe fully in the ENTIRE Bible (unlike some people) and I DO NOT "pick and choose" what I believe.	I believe you, OTHERS pick and choose what you believe. What is sad is how many lose their faith when they find how much they have been mislead.	notsarc
no, i do not think we would be more successful without the trolls...but, what spam are you receiving?	spam such as this: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/technologies_is_fantastic_for_metal_signs_but_is_it_good_or_bad_for_client_service this one is quite common: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/                                       point_of_sale_systems_how_to_choose_a_single_that_is_correct_for_your_company	notsarc
Well, of course the issue isn't "limiting" marriage, but rather making it more open-ended. But again, either way, it'll be a moot point before too long.	NOt true,California's ammendments are not doing as well as other states did. You are talking about a very liberal state. If it is decided that marriage is allowed by the courts, then you are talking about taking away rights people have been granted by the courts. I just don't think that will happen in Calf. much too liberal.	notsarc
this post is inform dane that i have posted a request to prove your accusation of me 'lying'.  this link to this thread is here: http://www.4forums.com/political/liars-corner/10967-dane-accusation-lying.html in accordance with the admin, you have to either respond to it or risk a warning or ban.	are you done spamming and threatening me with admin? that's just lame and pathetic.	sarc
I enjoy written debates very much, and I'm trying to show how evolution can establish atheism in the U.S. government ...	And you've been failing miserably, partly because your definition of "atheism" is asinine. Even most Christians would disagree with you.	notsarc
did you watch the video? this is not about liberals vs. conservatives. the argument is that a childs success is not by any means proportional to the sexual orientation of its parents. mr. wahls is an example of that. good parenting and luck is what's needed to instigate success in a child. you seem to insinuate that is done only by 'liberals' (man, i hate that term). this is simply rhetorical analysis 101. pathos to be exact. you appeal to a persons emotions. it's a marketing ploy used by advertisers and politicians and is not particular to the left. i assume you're describing the up your alley sections of that website which is hardly representative of the entire homosexual community.	so?? it was still a speech made for the purpose of political support of gay marriage. yes, i watched it. agreed. it was for the purpose of appealing to emotion (to a political end). no, but my point is that neither does the sanitized 'norman rockwell' image that some gay-pride proponents want projected by linking to videos such as the one here. it might give the impression that gay pride is merely some 'family-friendly' movement without the reality of the very dark side to it.	notsarc
I hate to rain on your parade but the vote taken is non binding and most congregations are expecting to break from that small minority who voted that way.......Stay tuned...........	Most congregations are expecting to leave the U.C.C.? Where did you see this, or are you making up the news again?	sarc
you're right, anastasia. it is too bad, but this thread has a life of sorts and those that post show its qol. so it's a telling story...sometimes, know what i mean? ;) qol = depression due to circumstancesmaybe?	i think your right big orn and that is what i was thinking... do you think your level of bitterness has something to do with quality of life? i guess the glass is half empty for those....	sarc
Professional scientists? Science educators?	So who's the head honcho?   It's not like all these professional scientists all see eye to eye. There are even scientists that hold to theistic evolution.	notsarc
The study was based on data from the U.S. Consumer Products Safety Commission's National Electronic Injury Surveillance System, which tracks sports and recreation-related injuries treated at a sample of 100 U.S. hospital emergency departments.Figures showed that the number of injuries had jumped 150 percent in 2007 to 62,408 from an estimated 24,347 physical education-related injuries in 1997, with the increase seen for both boys and girls and across all age groups.	I guess cheer leaders are the new tough guys and gals!	sarc
I think with Fluke it makes her a slut. Why else would a single woman want birth control meds at $3K a lot if not to protect against pregnancy?And then Obama and Company say this is a "War against women." Horse manure. They're full of it.	ER, you're doing the God complex again. Sandra Fluke might not even use birth control because she may very well be celibate. Only God ... and ER who thinks he's God ... know.	sarc
its difficult to merge life in its purest form with science, even though science's purpose is to study life.	That's not true -- actually, it doesn't make sense. Science is just a bunch of rules (by definition). "Biology uses science to study life" is true. "Physics uses science to study the physical world" is true, but "science's purpose is to study life" is not true.	notsarc
True, but as Lurch corrected me before: It is the theory of evolution.	And I'm going to correct you again. The theory of evolution is by no means an extreme view. It is the prevailing view. More than 99% of biologists accept the theory of evolution as the best explanation for the observations.	notsarc
and neither did trebor post any evidence of his claim. why aren't you questioning him? but i suspect that trebor has asked those with better recollections of the time than he has and they have confirmed for him that what i said is true, which is why he hasn't come back and refuted my response to him. i know this info is true. i just couldn't find anything on-line that stated when isaiah was dropped from the traditional reading in american jewish temples. sorry...	two reasons: first, i come from a jewish family, and i've never heard of this before. now, i'll grant that nothing says that i should have, but this is news to me. second, and more importantly, trebor is not the person who made the positive claim; you are. it is your burden of proof. no one here can blame me for questioning your bare assertions given your history with falsehoods. so if he doesn't respond in a mere three hours, you declare victory? how about you call me presumptuous again? emoticonxrolleyes for once you acknowledge that you aren't able to back up your claim. congratulations. try it next time without accusing somebody of being cowardly and misleading.	sarc
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/6257846.stm a terrorist attack has been carried out on the airport in the city where i live. at this time we do not know if anybody was killed, and i have a friend who was due to fly out on holiday today. i think she is okay but she will not be leaving today. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/6257846.stm this attack seems to be linked to the failed attempt in london on friday.  i was going to fly from glasgow airport down to london this friday for a job interview, as glasgow airport is probably going to be closed i have decided to fly from edinburgh airport. my mother said i was crazy to fly, but the way i see it is if we live in fear to go about our daily business than these people have won	i've been following the story here all afternoon bbs. i'm sorry that you're going through this, but what has scotland done to upset radical islam ? nothing that i know of. could it be they have declared war on the west in general and as a whole ? i mean, i have been told over and over again how these radical moslems are just confused souls and the real enemies we must fear are the radical conservative christians like me who actually pray for the unsaved. talk about scary people, huh ?	notsarc
Finally, it just makes sense....it makes physiological change smooth, simple and economical, with minimal waste (death.)	Actually, it makes sense only to you. If you look at nature for just a little while, you willl become aware of a great deal of death. But it is mostly very economical since scavengers make sure that there is minimal waste.	sarc
Well, I define illness based upon the way medical professionals define illness, in which case, homosexuality is NOT an illness, and pedophilia is.Upon what criteria do you define illness?Upon what criteria do you judge them as wrong?	I think pedophilia is a disorder as opposed to an illness but I'd have to look back at some psychology books. How do I define illness? Well, I have a few contexts for this. The flu...obvious illness. Christians feel that sin is an "illness", so in that sense we are all rather ill :). As for wrong...same deal.	sarc
Ok according to the bible God only created the first two beings, Adam and Eve. Now christians dont rule out science, and science has shown that we produce offspring. God has created these offspring but not directly. Think of photosynthesis, we eat meat, this is getting energy from the sun indirectly. So we have shown that we ourselves produce offspring but we are put here and given the abbility by God to produce offspring. As far as your question on why God alows addicts to have babies it can be explained as this. We where given the freedome of choice to decide if we want to be an addict, wrong put we have the choice. God created us to have that choice, or else we would be robots. The bible also says God knows everything yet to come, so he new that this particular person would become an addict and have baby. God can stop this put he doesnt interecpt dirrectly with our choices.	So God already knows if a particular person will become an addict? That doesn't leave much free choice for that person, does it? If I go to a restaurant and God already knows I'm going to choose the poached salmon for my entree, then I don't have much choice in the matter, do I? Omniscience and free will are mutually exclusive. If God is omniscient, then we are indeed ultimately robots. Deluded with the perception of free will, but robots none the less.Unless of course, God is so omnipotent that he can know everything and still allow free choice. But then reason, logic, and thought become delusional. Sounds like a loose / loose situation to me.	notsarc
Since the universe must have had a finite existence, it must have been created.	You mean that it must have has a beginning, don't you?	notsarc
why do we have such a rubbish anthem for this site?	dear noob, i chose the anthem as a song which describes me. however since i am reforming this site into a more democratic community i shall make a debate seeking for a new one.	notsarc
My thoughts exactly. Can minors buy plane, train, bus tickets?	Sounds like an abortion bill amendment to restrict all travel by minors is needed by those demanding that young girls give birth after being impregnated by rapists, fathers, uncles, etc. Might as well include adults, just to simplify matters and enhance state police power. Bubbah will be pleased.	sarc
No it is not. Darwinists say that evolution happens by way of selection of random variants.....what I'm asking for is for science to make sure the variants don't arise nonrandomly. I'm looking for experiments on animals that rule out heritable, adaptive variation.	Again, nonrandom is not the same as Lamarckian. Phenotypic variation can be nonrandom because the organisms can select the most attractive/successful mates with whom to breed. Once again, you're totally stuck on one aspect of the ToE, random mutation; the ToE is much more than that.	notsarc
that was complete non-response. you totallly made up that there was some 'other speech' pushing a 'socialist agenda.' that's what the sarcasm was about which was evidently lost on you. show me this fabled 'lost speech' baron.	never said anything about a 'lost speech'. but who knows? he may have had his speech writers prepare half a dozen different speeches. the community organizer knows when to push and when to back off. there was enough of a public outcry for him to realize that this was not the time to push. so he backed off and wasted the country's time by re-hashing old wisdoms. i am rather amused about the labels thrown out by you, simon and foundit. just because i had the audacity to criticize the anointed one i am a hysterical racist. keep them coming.	sarc
Abortion is a right constructed in the chambers of the minds of seven judges.	But not just any seven judges, seven judges who's job is to define the constitution.	notsarc
pehaps he's matured to the point where carrying the power of life, or more significantly death over his neighbours, is not an ego-supporting experience	and a few posts later you whined about ad homs. maybe you could support that? perhaps you would prove to us that we are truly vile, evil, callous, despicable people that deserve to burn in the firey depths of hell for the murders that each and every one of us has committed? or perhaps you wouldn't.	sarc
Since posts are disappearing anyway, let me add a new one.Now we all know that I am made in the image and likeness of God and since God is perfect, that image and likeness must also be, as a logical consequence, perfect. To state less would mean that God is not perfect. So if I am the image and likeness of God, then either I am perfect or God is not.	think of it as a photocopy of a check for a million dollars. yes the copy is in the image and likeness of the original check, but it is not the check. you cannot cash the photocopy, regardless of how accurate the copy is, it is not the check, only an image of it. that doesn't mean anything is "wrong" with the original, and it doesnt mean that the copy has to have all the properties and function of the original. its just an image	notsarc
dude, is that what you do? a large amount of people disagree with you and you act 'shocked' at how that could be possible? grow up.	i'm shocked that people side with illogical arguments rather than logic.	sarc
emoticonXIdea the baby belongs to GOD, the mother the dr. and any one else involved are condemned, yu see its called murder, purely in the first degree. emoticonXFrazzled	I think you are the same person as usa all the way and again.. you have no right to talk about murder because you murder the english language everytime you post.And no.. the baby does not belong to god because there is no baby and I don't know if there is a god or not. Btw.. I'm not going to incubate something in my body because of you think it's wrong because someone who may or may not exist said so.	notsarc
listen, you left wing nut bag, your daddy the devil (john 8:44) is leading you down the primrose path to destruction. i'd tell you to wise up but i don't think you even know how. god isn't buying into your politically correct gay sex hedonism. it's because of people like you and daewoo that god is becoming increasingly unhappy with the sodom and gomorrah movement in america.	ooooo am i supposed to be concerned at anything you have to say? you're a blowhard delusional wannabe christian who doesn't understand your own claimed religion, how can your word hold any meaning.	sarc
Should you only be allowed to buy one gun a month ? http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/one_gun_a_month.HTM	you should be allowed to buy as many as you want to	notsarc
so, premarital heterosexual sex is not a sin. nor is adulterous heterosexual sex. nice to know that gansao......	Did I mention premarital or adulterous heterosexual sex?  I think not!  As usual 'big' boy is putting words in others posts!  Was better when I was on his ignore list..for about five minutesemoticonXConfused	sarc
And secondly, it's a bit rich for them to call it murder when a blastocyst can turn into a tumour. And oncologists murder tumours all the time...	Now settle down charlie, and try to think rationally, just for a second. Have you ever heard of a tumor growing into a sentient life form as a fetus does? I'd appreciate a link documenting such an occurrence so we pro-lifers can start planning save the tumor rally's.	sarc
most schools also have rules regarding the age of those who can attend prom, ie. no freshman or dates over 20, should we end that discrimination as well? what right was she standing up for exactly? the right to violate dress code? right to ignore the prom rules?  obviously the rest of the prom going students didn't want her making their prom into a political statment, what about their wishes?	ooo, the slippery slope argument! always a classic. the right to not be discriminated against based on her sexual orientation perhaps? what part of the dress code was she going to violate? she was going to wear formal wear. it's not like she was going to show up in ripped jeans and a slipknot t-shirt. rules designed to exclude her. their wishes don't supersede her rights.	notsarc
I completely agree with this here. We need to teach kids how to think, and unfortunately, ID doesn't seem to deal with thinking.	But it really does deal with thinking. It can invite a more wide open scientific investigation of ecological and developmental patterns. It's not politically afraid to pursue facts about newly discovered complexities of life which pose problems for those trying to make a case for happenstance origins. It invites thought, not suppression, of irreducible complexity, another problem for happenstance origins.	notsarc
If you pay attention to the papers or news you will have a heavy air of stupidity around you. The 9-9-9 plan is good, only exceeded by the group of plans defined by 8-8-8 and below. Pokemon is better than marx.	The fact that you think the 9-9-9 plan is good only proves you are as stupid as Herman Cain is. Maybe you and Grover Norquist can get with Herman Cain and start construction on Utopian dreamworld, and don't forget to stop by and pick up your other dumbass Ron Paul on your way .	sarc
The reason his sentiments confirm the worst fears of creationists isn't because Lewontin alone has those sentiments, it's because creationists can clearly see those sentiments in the NY Times editorial board, CNN, ABC, Dan Rather, Handgun Control, The Sie	So everyone thinks that "evolutionists" should seize power or something? If that is true, it is because evolution is very widely accepted.	notsarc
I do however question why he took such a job in the first place. He had to have known that this was part of his duties as the laws currently stand.	I think that's a good question. I also wonder how long the medical establishment has had this rule? Since there must be some long-standing procedures in executions in the United States that require, by law, a doctor's supervision.	notsarc
I know what the GC is. It is not a TV report on a politicians opinion on how he thinks it should be interpreted, neither is it a collection of "rules of War concerning Terrorists" Can you show us those "rules" you referred to please?	What I posted lays out the 4 conventions if you will just read it, your questions will be answered. I can't read it for you ya know.	sarc
First he (Orion) starts with a comedy website, but then he actually gets on this thread and starts asking questions positing "what if" Jesus was Gay?	I know. Sad indeed. Orion and his liberal ilk make it a habit to come up with these sophomoric ideas. As if Jesus (who is God according to Scripture) would come out and give Moses the commandments against gay sex and then turn around and incarnate as a gay man. Get real. When the antichrist comes he'll probably be gay (one OT scripture alludes to the antichrist as having no affinity for women, and Satan loves to mimic God's kingdom with some kind of diabolical twist.). Then Orion will prostrate himself before him and receive him as his long lost savior.	sarc
every person should attempt to preserve what they hold dear.  if the atheist is a objectivst who loves the ideal of freedom and capatalism then they will probably support a battle against the terrorists. if the atheist is a communist, he may not really care if america is destroyed. (i only mentioned objectivst and communist as examples i am aware that their are other forms of atheism and i do not need to be informed of this. i'm also aware that not all communists are atheists.) what do you mean 'the civil rights of terrorists'. i haven't heard any atheists or non atheists suggest such a thing.	knowing more than just a little about my fte compadres, and those that i know personally, they would fight along beside me and i them to preserve our freedoms. to go as far to bow down? when they have taken what smidgen of life is left in me. but in direct answer to your post, jim: they are doing so as we speak.	sarc
Peeling, with all due respect, we have allegedly had 4 billion years of evolution on Earth since the first simple life supposedly appeared. Why must we make more assumptions based on what will happen in the next 10,000 years?	Oh, we don't have to - sorry, I wasn't clear enough there. What I'm trying to do is correct your misapprehensions concerning common descent. You said this:	notsarc
As for who plays 'word-games', it seems that you missed this... #19 "New peppered moth stuff"He went on for some time trying to undermine my posts based on the use of a word which most people have a problem with.There's also the problem with Darwin claiming a tautology was a better term than "Natural Selection", this was debated for some time, even though I posted the actual words of Darwin.The thread "Unto the Ages of Ages" developed into a debate over whether something could be both ''more accurate' and wrong, thanks Ursus!WJA and SLP argued over the word 'applied', then 'published'; whether Dembski had, and then changed this to 'proved' (see "Looking for intelligence" thread)Lurch/Ungerdunn etc over what is a 'noun'. Multiple personalities aside, this debate over 'nouns' lasted for months. He resorted to no better argument then 'you're wrong'. A great debating style!As for debating styles....Waxy enters a debate on Science/Math says that I've been refuted somewhere else, by someone else, and then leaves; does the same thing on these Creation/Evolution debates... only adds a few insults in the process... not wishing to debate, just to name call.Mach is happy to admit he doesn't read my posts/skims over them but wants to both debate and not debate them - claiming he's got a time problem... and asks me to post stuff he's already replied toWould you count as a word-game the two incidents where you've made a claim about me being insulting, and when I've asked you to point it out, you can't?One time you were so flustered you told me you were going to warn everyone about me. You make allegations then don't back them up.Archilochus makes allegations that I don't understand the word 'chance' but is un-prepared to come up with a definition, just repeats that I don't understand it. He'll go on repeating this, because it is a replacement for debate.All the while you guys are very shy when it comes to debating each other's mistakes; such as Hank describing the world as egg-shaped, etc.In short you make so many 'just-so' statements with little recourse to evidence, in an effort to drown out anyone who differs in opinion from yourself. Hence the total unwillingness to seriously tackle anyone from your own side who is eithera) wrongorb) rudeBut in short, if someone posts here a statement, and they can't even be sure what they mean by it, then it doesn't bode well. That is what has upset a number of people; when this has been pointed out. This is also why many pro-evolutionists are so quick to resort to ad hominem here. That's what this thread of yours is an attempt at - and at best it is something that suggests only other people are guilty of this crime.	No, I for one dislike your posts because I know you intentionally write irrational posts to help support your religious cause.   Just for the record montalban, basically every single legitimate scientist is "pro-evolution". Creation theory is not taught in public schools, not by chance, but because...*gasp* it's RELIGIOUS MUMBO JUMBO. There is no evidence to support it. Creation fiction has made no progress with it's "faith-based" (lackofevidence) with rational people.   And I'll also say that I'd welcome ad hominem over irrational thinking any day. Ad hominem is just a lack of patience, or someone who doesn't care to hide their emotion or opinion. Irrational thinking on the other hand is often only cured by death. Someone guilty of ad hominem can still hold a rational debate. The irrational..well, why bother?   -Mach	sarc
So making it much worse cures the problem. Get a grip.	You're the one who needs to get a grip. Lots could get worse, but not for the reasons you're stating.   But I take it you're finally admitting that (actually) 50 million uninsured human beings who could die or go bankrupt is a big problem.	sarc
I am sorry the only perfect man that ever lived was Jesus Christ and maybe you in your own mind	As usual, you shoot from the lip. I have no illusion of perfection, However I am convinced that as long as you live I will never be the dumbest man on earth.	sarc
well, i think he knows what both of them are and all news stations are bias. fox is just more bias on how he probebly feels about things.	seriously man, i hope you don't believe what they tell you on that channel. it's just whoa. this one anchor woman was talking about how background checks led to registration than extermination; i was shocked. the thing with fox is, they put on whatever rupert murdoch wants.	notsarc
I explicitly told you I was a catholic before 'converting' to objectivism, so forgive me for not being impressed with your powers of speculation. That doesn't change the fact that this was all well before I signed onto this forum so I know xcaliber has no quotes. I do not 'lean that way' just because I reject irrational evolution. I did not learn this skepticism from my catholic upbringing, as noted several times Catholics are ambiguous towards evolution.	Sorry but I don't read your posts, do you think I worship your word or something?	sarc
nah i always watch the site while im off line as a guest, and i join when there's controversy i am not like my besty prod who stays on 24/7 i just get on every now and then and i got on today to see this scandal. how delicious!	oh really? anybody can say that they are a always a guest on here and then all of a sudden come . nice try for an excuse.	sarc
i have seen these debates and granted mine are not the best debates and may just be plain and simple retarded but my answers match the question. at least i think they do. but all you have to do is skip right over them.	darling, you're too sensitive. i've never had an issue with your debates. it was a parody of some of the new ones out. you've probably seen them, they ask a question then give yes, because and no, because for the answers when they are clearly not a question that can be answered yes or no. if i had a problem with yours, i'd be enough of a friend to kindly point it out. again, you're cool with me, don't worry.edit: i see where you've seen what i was referring to. it's early here and i'm not yet awake. but i have to get crank-started and get ready for class.	notsarc
i never said we have to vote for her. if it came between her and hillary, i'd vote hillary... actually, i'd probably vote bob barr. but it's unfair to say she doesn't have enough experience when she certainly does (or, at least more than obama did).	obama has 1 thing that palin certainly doesn't have is the fantastic ability to turn crowds in favor of him. obama has amazing speech abilities that surpasses palin without a doubt in my mind. palin also likes to go off subject almost as if she is avoiding certain questions.  what is experience if you cannot even thoroughly explain your position?	notsarc
I am merely asking for an objective standard to determine what is and is not a "god-given right." And you STILL have yet to provide one.	And he has still yet to provide one. If more gun-control means more lives saved then more gun-control means more self preservation.	notsarc
wow. symbiote has your number on this one. you're in full-out back-pedal mode here, huh? again, give some proof of causality about that claim, and then we'll talk. not whatever you're shifting to as your 'hypothesis' to avoid having to back up the claim you made in your first post.	and jyoshu is in full cheer-leader mode... what the heck did i supposedly back-peddle on? please. be explicit. no wait. you're not going to answer that, are you... roflmao! symbiote runs around proclaiming all sorts of things (falsely) as my supposed hypothesis, and you pretend that me refusing to take up her strawman approach is somehow 'back-peddling'? more like the blind leading the blind, walking in circles and thinking they are travelling quickly! as for proof, do you understand what 'hypothesis' means in the first place? look it up.	sarc
You should really think about what you say before you say it. I have heard this before and its garbish, I have been around and owned guns my whole life and I have never, not even once, had the thought of getting a gun just because someone ###### me off. I would never use a gun on a person unless that person were a viable threat to my life, such as coming at me with a knife for example.	You need to read what people say more thoroughly, and think about it before you respond. When he said "can" (and there are not many simpler words than that!) It didn't mean "will", "must", or "shall" be more aggressive. It has been shown that in some cases it "CAN" happen. It may not have happened with you. It still might, we don't know. We might even say that it is not likely to happen, but we can't say that it won't, because sometimes some people do behave more aggressively when they have a gun.	notsarc
What I am is someone who appreciates the value of the scientific methodology, and its repeatedly demonstrated power to yield elegant, testable, useful and predictive hypotheses, including - over the past centuries - the discovery and modeling of novel forces at work in nature as well as the Theory of Evolution.	**Here you reveal exactly what I've just spoken of--you assume that science and the scientific method equates to, is synonymous with, materialism/mechanism. It most certainly is not. Nor is the accompanying assumption, i.e., that any science which does not strictly adhere to materialust/mechanist assumptions, is not, and cannot be, real science. Equally untrue.Both assertions are unnecessary to an objective approach to science, per se, but are part and parcel of an emotional defence of materialism/mechanism and its biological aspect, RMNS darwinism.	notsarc
Archie,But since you brought it up, do you want to back this statement up capo? Where have I ever claimed to know all that God knows? How about this from your #148 in Gay Rights:I have spoken of the coming judgment that America is facing because of our iniquity and you are proving just how deserving we are of it with your rebellious and condemning attitude towards the God who holds your very life in His hands. You are showing that you don't appreciate his Grace which He has covered America with for so long, so let's see how you feel when He withdraws His Spirit of Grace from this Country and we implode as a Nation. Why do I think that your next post will dwell on your use of the word all?	Archie, you're not one of those Westboro Baptist Chuch types, are you? You don't buy that stuff about 'God Hates the ### Army' and 'God hates America' do you?	sarc
how can family values shift in a nation withint 10 years?? 10 years ago america would have never thought they wouldve needed to put Marriage Ammendments on the ballot let alone have less than 60% of the people actually vote for it. ITs sad to see a nation degrade exponentially fast and not to mention the people's consciences getting seared at the same time.Its kinda like the germans after slow and steady progress of the nazi party changed the whole nation's perspective on the jews. people that were against the nazi party 5 years prior found themselves turning jews into concentration camps. i see a similar progression beginning in america to the point that this comment itself will be bashed by those on here whose conscience has been seared to the point that they think 2 men being married is ok. If everyone in the world was gay, the human race would become extinct.Edit/Delete Message Reply With Quote	So gay people, in your opinion, have no right to form the families of their choice? So you are defending the continued oppression of gay people?We are sick of conservative family types. We are tired of the closet. The phrase "we are mad as hell and we are not going to take it any more" applies. I see in your response the comming of the camps to lock and exterminate gay people. It is that type of thought, that jews were subhuman, that led to the final solution. As it is here with conservatives and religious right nuts, who believe gay people are sub human sickos in need of curing or killing.	notsarc
Do you believe that a fetus in a women's body is just undeveloped tissue or a start in where human life begins? Undeveloped tissue. Both. Human life.	Both. It's where a human life begins but not a life yet.	notsarc
The author is arguing that gun control in rural areas does not constitute crime control in urban areas but somehow you try to spin that into making it sound as if the author is making some blanket statement against all gun control.	So what if the author isn't arguing against gun control? At last, there is indication that England has taken a step in the right direction and realized that taking all guns away from everybody isn't the answer to crime.	notsarc
Since evolution can't prove the book of Genesis (ancient history) false, and creationism does have some historical backing, they are comparable and they directly conflict.	Only those ignorant of science and evolution think that "evolution" has anything to do with the Bible. I guess that's because creationism is an attempt to pretend that mythology is somehow scientific and makes silly statements about science. It seems that science is somehow anti-Bible in that case when science debunks ignorance.	sarc
i love tattoos, i've got three so far, a dragon that takes up my right calf, a tribal design on my back and darwin's tree of life on the inside of my left forearm modified to include family initials at branch points with the 'i think' wording on top at my wrist, i also had it thickened up to make it look less like a squiggly hand sketch. the left arm tat is only the start of a sleeve which i plan to cover the entire left arm leading to a merger with the black tribal on my back. i also have plans with my tattooist to put black cat from spiderman as drawn by j scott campbell in there somewhere and to get my family's names and the mantra 'natura non facit saltum in elvish along both of my outer forearms.	wow :) i'm just a starter, that's my first big tattoo (the debate picture, sorry about the glare, i had another sitting friday and it was lathered in tattoo goo!) i've had 5 hours on it so far, still got so long left but it's going to be a 3/4 sleeve once finished.	notsarc
if only you learn this lesson, the world would be a better place. you are only adding to the problem. if only you would realize that you are part of the problem. (;	wow, thats some poetic shit. i wonder to you roam around disagree with the people who boost about americas greatest, or how their a force for good. i wonder to you post wise ass comments next to these people. you have no idea how much of a hippocrit you are do you.	sarc
I personally believe that abortion is murder of a defenseless, innocent, unborn infant in the womb and should not be legal unless the mother's life was endangered or possibly in the case of rape and incest........I believe it is the most barbaric act one human being can perpetrate on another........	BOY-HOWDY!!!!! You have spoken the truth and spoken it well. Welcome to you from the conservative South.	sarc
Hooray it is about time. Got to slap dem Christians down.	It's sophomoric remarks like that that hurt the gay cause in America.   God isn't mocked, though. And I doubt the people are either.   And I'm glad California outlawed the sin. The only thing you have left is to hope the far left, spiritually-stunted judges in the US Supreme Court are pro Sodom and Gomorrah.	sarc
I think he examined her record and the information by which some other doctor pronounced her PVS, noting that one or more criteria for establishment of that diagnosis was missing. I'm not arguing the case for him, I'm just saying she should be fed until this is proved wrong. The doctor is supposed to be quite an eminent member of his filed of study and may actually know what he is talking about.	Examined the record? Now it's not even the patient, just the record? Good god man! Many times, only a number of criteria must be met, not all of them. It would be like me saying that there must be gas in your car since it is running. Then you tell me that I must look at the gauge then physically take the tank off to be able to say without a doubt there is gas in it. Flat EEG in the cerebral cortex means no brain activity in cerebral cortex means PVS. There is no reason to test a swallowing reflex, a pain response reflex, or sphincter tone.	sarc
if it's really that much, i should have heard about it by now. but maybe, just maybe, i haven't looked hard enough. why don't you post what they have said, since, apparently you have and must (therefore) know where to look to find it ;)	i love how scumbarge doesn't give a rebuttal to this. he knows you have him by the balls.	sarc
sure so if it was 2.5 billion or trillion.. ( different scientists) where di we come from? like ya ya ya the big bang.. but where did the pool of amoebas come from? and where did the charge of electricity( lightning bolt) come from? it just is a whole bunch of ideas coming from some fat guys with no women in their life...	You mean Priests? Because I hear the ladies are crawling all over them, can't get enough of that catholic loving...	sarc
WHom do you see? Just the lower class? Jp either your blind, or fail to really see what a horrible problem this is to many hard working Americans... And this is now a matter of no longer so called "socialized medicine". Seems the Democrats are weasels and will wiggle into any sort of deal just to pass a watered down bill of true reform...	I don't see anyone without healthcare. None of my friends, none of my family, none of my neighbors. ZILCH. NADA. NAUGHT. CIPHER.   Now I don't go wandering around the inner cities looking for half-crazy winos and crack addicts either, so maybe that's why.	notsarc
Personally i don't believe in abortion. It's morally wrong and i think it's good that it's illegal.	I think often abortion is wrong but I do not agree with criminalizing it. Primarily the reasons that are used to justify criminilzation are hugely fallacious and secondarily because it won't do a thing that is positive. A woman who is determined to end her pregancy - will. Criminalization will simply make it extremely dangerous. I am responsible, have even had my tubes tied, but if I were to become pregnant and that pregnancy were the result of rape or a threat to my health or livlihood I would end it - and I will not be checking the law books first. Every woman has her line in the sand - abortion will go on regardless of its legal standing. There are a miriad of reasons seek abortion - comdemning those reasons does nothing (i.e. calling them selfish) - addressing them could help. The reasons are valid.	notsarc
No. You can take it as the fact that we do not have proof.The UN has also said that Zionism = Racism. Does everyone accept that?	More heretical misinformation from dear old cap0.   'Zionism is Racism' - a Dead Issue	sarc
the moral of that last story is: don't screw with baldy. that aside, where did god tell these folks to do what they did? just curious.	morals are what you make them to be. for example, 'it's ok to kill youths if they've insulted your prophets' is another possible one. the ones in my joshua example? he doesn't tell them, nor did i say that he told them. look at what i said: 'the morality of the old testament peoples (god included) is definitely questionable.'. however, in the next chapter he does immediately reward them, by protecting them from the angry reprisals of the neighbouring villages: '5 then they set out, and the terror of god fell upon the towns all around them so that no one pursued them.' note that in the other examples, god is either commanding it (through the proxy of a speaker) or directly doing it (pillar of salt, bears etc).	notsarc
there is another forum for this discussion. but, if you accept that it is not a scientific theory, why should it be taught in a science class?	take it up with who brought it up. who said the idea of it being 'scientific' is the criteria for a theory to be taught in schools?  schools have to have some degree of autonomy to have the curriculum they want without over-regulation. who sets the standard of what's 'scientific' or not?	notsarc
Like, how many shooting in Germany?Like, what's the ratio of shootings to population in the two nations of Germany and the U.S?	What difference does it make? Do you only care about frequent killings and choose to ignore isolated incidents? If so doesn't that mean that innocent people dying only interests you when it's in large enough numbers that you can try and exploit them for your own selfish agendas?	sarc
interesting that those three are also the weakest and rarest of arguments when arguing for gun control. in fact, i have never witnessed anyone basing their entire gun control argument on the fact that 'gun owners lack the testicular fortitude to fight someone in hand-to-hand combat.'	Actually, I find it near impossible to discuss the second amendment without gun control advocates bringing up the third argument. Weak? Yes. Rare? No.      In my opinion, all arguments in favor of gun control are weak.	notsarc
So if same-sex relationships are legally recognized as "marriage," the idea of marriage as a sexually exclusive and faithful relationship will be dealt a serious XXXX. Adding monogamy and faithfulness to the other pillars of marriage that have already fallen will have overwhelmingly negative consequences for Americans' physical and mental health.	See above. Whether a couple is or isn't monogomous is not for you to determine or worry about. And speak for yourself if you don't mind. This member of the American public's mental health is just fine thank you very much. If gay marriage impacts YOU that much, well that sounds like your problem.	notsarc
Thanks Voice. It's good to see that there is a voice of reason here.	Good, associate yourself with him. After all, having a best pal who weaves a web of contridictions and lies can't hurt you right?	sarc
ssues I raised in my OP regarding the initial formation of breasts.	What issues? You drivel on about breasts forming on lizards (even though the most primitive milk secretors we have today don't have anatomically distinct mammary glands, and the earliest mammals evolved from reptiles not remotely like lizards), then triumphantly crown your straw man with what you seem to think is a knock-down point about nerve connections.Yes, SS, the most primitive milk-secreting structures we know are modified sweat glands; your incredulity does not alter that fact one iota. And guess what? Sweat glands have nerve connections to the hypothalamus...	notsarc
Again, I don't think anybody will argue that owning a gun prevents crime. The reason for having a gun is as you stated - to stop the crime once it has begun (though this may prevent a worse crime from occurring).	I think some people will and have argued that. I'll work on finding a quote, but I believe it was somebody here who argued that, because of the recent SCotUS ruling, home invasion in DC would decrease because criminals would be more worried about encountering a homeowner with a gun. You do have a point about preventing a worse crime from occuring,though.	notsarc
cute, but not quite. the claim is that we want everybody to have guns. so i'd like to see some proof that gun owners have called for the repealing of the federal age limit that covers the purchase of firearms, and for the prohibited persons list that keeps felons, the insane, the drug addicted, and those that beat their wives, from legally buying guns. if those of my chosen party have made the claims that we want criminals, terrorists and the others in these categories to have guns, then i'd like to see them. otherwise the claim that we want everybody armed is nothing more than a lie. the private property of whom? we have security stops along the mexican/american border to search for drugs and other contraband. how is it not possible on the way to and from dc?	simple answer? dc has a lot less budget than the usa government. more complex answer? just looking at the commuters, there are over 400,000 people that come to work in dc every day (see link in my last post). making the preposterous assumption that they all come in at a constant flow, just looking at 400,000 of them and assuming that you would only check them coming in, that's ~4.6 people admitted per second for every second of the working week. good luck with that. good luck with convincing people that it's constitutional, as well - airports get away with it, but only because there is such a (largely unfounded) fear of death by terrorist that they can get away with something which is constitutionally shady. a quick search gave me two relevant results almost immediately.	notsarc
with regards to the cousins argument if a creature evolves into a new species wouldn't the old species not exist any more?	No, say you've got 200 of some species. By some event, 100 member are seperated. Now we have two groups of 100. Each group goes through different selections and they accumulate small changes. Eventually, they will be different enough so that they are no longer able to interbreed. That doesn't mean one group automatically has to die so we remain at the same number of species.Of course, one group might get some significant advantage which allows it to come back and ownzor the original area so the other group gets wiped out.	notsarc
the risk of homicide in the home is three times greater in households with guns.[3] the risk of suicide is five times greater in households with guns.[4] what's more, tragic stories of accidental or unintentional shootings from the careless storage of guns at home are all too common. the statistic noted above bears repeating: a gun in the home is 22 times more likely to be used in a criminal, unintentional, or suicide-related shooting than to be used in a self-defense shooting. [5] putting your family in all that danger because youre nuts about guns is immoral	which one is this brady? the discredited kellerman study by the discredited kellerman? or the opinion piece of the rabidly anti-gun brady campaign? cite your sources. and answer the damn question already. is self-defense with a firearm an immoral act? it's not rocket science, there's only two answers; yes or no.	notsarc
simple....many Christians have been deceived....just like Adam and Eve were deceived in the Bible.	So, because they don't interpret the bible as you do, they believe that there are no deities? That is what you said...	notsarc
It seems that the creationists are beginning to change there views.evolution can be explained by science but creation relys on myth, superstition and hope, but few people are now suggesting that the two theories can be explained together, god started everything then evolution took over.Its like the creationist is trying to put one over the evolutionist by suggesting that god created evolution.But in reality i think a person who believes in creation is coming to terms that the creation theory is a bit far fetched and the evolution theory makes more sense, but due to religious conditioning still continue to grasp on the creation theory.Which really means the bible would be disregarded as a source of information.	Yes, some people are jumping ship, which is a crying shame. STICK TO YOUR GUNS MEN! WE'RE WINNING!	sarc
When the needs of the two are in conflict this is unavoidable.	It is so the womans decision. If the baby is in the womb they haven't experience life, so how can they miss it. And if they are a so called "soul" then they will come out somewhere else.	notsarc
this doesnt really add up to anything more than your musings so i will take up one point. respect for your mother and father is only relevant in a society where the nuclear family is the norm. there have been some societies where this was not the norm. im afraid to say this demonstrates another example of someone that believes the world is and always was as he lives it . respect( or fear) is necessary for a functioning society but not necessarily towards parents..which is exactly what the commandment orders.	sorry your mightiness, thank you for your graciousness of addressing us common folk.  are you really that obtuse? i swear you and easy share a brain. i clearly pointed out that this commandment talks about respect for authority. personally, i think this applies to single parents, families with 2 daddies, or children raised in an orphanage.  yet i bet somehow in the formative years of the children, they are taught some form of respect for authority.  how so? i didn't write it, i'm just commenting on it. and again, i prefer to replace 'mother and father' with authority. regardless, who says respect = fear? maybe you and easy really do share a brain...you both seem to think you can define words as you see fit to lend creedence to your arguments.	sarc
Well Whoop-Dee-Doo! If you want Homosexual Marriage, be prepared to shell out more $$$ when Uncle Sam comes to collect when, in the inevitability,you should call it splitsville.	Everyone expects that. What they don't and shouldn't have to expect is that they will be specifically targeted and have to pay more, be penalised more, etc. than hetero couples such as yourself or me and my husband.	notsarc
if people with to smoke marijuana legally, then allow them to do so, but only after adding cyanide to it. if people want to smoke poison, then give them the real deal.	No more of a poison than alcohol (actually far less), should we start lacing that with strychnine?   ***I can see it now***  *Excuse me bartender...what are the drink specials?  -We got Bud Light bottles for $4.00, Jagerbombs for $7.50, and this new drink called Convulsions on the Beach. First one is on the house!	sarc
It's just a term for someone who has decided to live in a way that isn't gay. They may be "gay" physiologically (whatever that means in terms of biology), but they are living in a way that doesn't give in to that--which is what matters from their religious standpoint. Many people live against urges (regarding various issues) all the time. Ironically, gay pride has itself largely to blame for the 'ex-gay' movement. I think it's an example of some gays swinging back against the 'out-and-proud' far left shift--religious gays are, in effect, saying they don't have to abide by your prescription for their lives.	And you're mentally disturbed. Didn't I say that there is no such thing as a "ex-gay"??? Did I stutter?You can pretend that denial is a river over in Egypt. Somebody thinking that they can successfully "supress" their true orientation, and deny themselves homosexual contact, is delusional..because the truth will always come out..because that's what the truth does. Show me an ex-gay, and I'll show you a liar. Where are they, that I can query them? I'll wait.	sarc
If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true.- John 5:31I am one that bear witness of myself...- John 8:18[Jesus was the speaker in both of these quotes]	You forgot to fully quote John 8:18. here is the rest: and the Father that sent Me beareth witness of Me. He isn't bearing witness to Himself here. Two witnesses are, one of which is Himself, which is why He said in John 8:17 It is also written in your law, that the testimony of two men is true. John 5:30-32 is saying this exact same thing.	notsarc
Re: transubstantiationSpock is an imaginary character who inhabits an imaginary world. Quite an apppropriate analogy.	Just to let you know you're welcome to come back and debate Islam, don't hurry, you've a lot of reading to catch up on.emoticonXHoho emoticonXLove	sarc
Lacking substance as usual.... Whether Jefferson said it or not is not the issue. The topic of this thread is "15 myths about gun control" But you seem unable to make a logical point so you resort to attacking the individual...	So you're accusing me of the thing that your most guilty of? As I remember your posts have been censored several times by admin because you resorted to viscious personal attacks and name calling. And aren't you interested in the truth. Why isn't whether Jefferson said it or not important?	notsarc
in re: the jefferson claim... it's true that he proposed castration for 'buggery.' but... considering that colonial scientists were as ignorant of sexual orientation as the ancient israelites, it's not surprising they drafted such a draconian punishment for homosexuality. jefferson's suggestion, however, was merciful by comparison. and we also know that, having revised the bible by editing out all the supernatural events (including, especially, the resurrection) and having referred to paul (author of the nt's allegedly anti-homosexual 'clobber' passages) as 'the great coryphaeus... the first corruptor of the doctrines of jesus,' that he would likely have been repelled by with archangel's views, on both god and homosexuality. in fact, it's probable, given his devotion to science and reason, that had he known then what our doctors and scientists know now about human sexuality he likely would not have gone so far as condoning so harsh an alternative as castration.	exactly who are you saying has revised the bible? and with that question asked, i believe by admitting that if it was revised to delete the meat of it, it would be equally diluted in power, content and strength.  really? if you're speaking about jefferson still, then why didn't he recommend that all punishments for homosexuality be erased from the law completely, and homosexuality be legalized at that time? that would have been the just and magnanimous thing to do if he believed such tripe as you attribute to him.	notsarc
but by that definition, either one could be viewed as impeding on religious freedom, including your view impeding on hers! we don't define imposing on religious freedom on the basis of having different ideals. it doesn't effect your religion or religious freedom if you don't get benefits under gay marriages. you can argue in other ways, on other basis, but the idea that not giving gays marriage benefits is imposing on religious freedom is an empty 'argument'.	but you have not shown how she would be harmed by equal marriage? i have shown that her definition infringes upon my religious freedom. if gay marriage becomes a reality then in no way does it infringe upon her in any way. would you care to explain how gay marriage infringes upon her in any way? it is her heterosexual privledge and her sence of entitlement that she is protecting not marriage.	notsarc
Bertvan: Perhaps Dr. Pigluicci doesn't see a difference between the organization of a hurricane and the organization of a living system. Most people do see a difference. The deterministic mechanisms that affect a hurricane are well understood and predictable. On the other hand no one can even speculate how such things as temperature and embryonic diet might cause proteins to fold differently and thus whip up complex systems such as eyes, bacterial flagella, wings and turtle shells	Actually the details of HOW embryogenesis proceeds is becoming increasingly understood. And it goes way the heck beyond speculation. Check out how homeobox genes work and how regulation by master switches is understood as just two examples.	notsarc
This is why I do not advocate the American Holocaust that has destroyed nearly fifty million unborn children on the altar of "choice"! Shadow's reasoning that "I'll have a baby when I'm ready" smacks of pure, unadulterated selfishness. I do not give a tinker's damn about the reason nor circumstances. When that child is conceived, all bets are off and the focus must be on that child!!!	Hang in here everyone, Bassman's been reading "_____"'s posts over and over and they've got him talking about the "American Holocaust"! emoticonXBanghead   Until you have been in my exact situation, I wouldn't expect someone like you to understand. I really don't give a emoticonXCensored if you think it is selfish or not - it is not for you to judge.	sarc
You really need to read the posts before embarrassing yourself asking ridiculous questions. The ignorance that child contributes here is enough for any 5 forums, much less this ONE.	Amusing coming from someone who falsely claimed another user misused the term "light year."   If I am so ignorant, explain how your argument does not require exactly what I said: That God operated the named light sources on a very different set of physical laws and removed all evidence of their existence to meld them with the current set of physical laws that we know do not support young Earth Creationism.   I'm betting you don't even understand your original argument. Prove me wrong. Explain how it does not result in God being a liar.	sarc
Is even 'channel' sufficiently ateleological a verb?	Yes. It describes an action without ascribing its form to its end result, outcome, whatever but strictly to a cause/s force/s in action. That is why 'selection' is always teleological. In order to select or choose anything, an end must always be in view. There must always be a volitional discrimination of options based upon a criterion dictated by the desired end. The only time "channel" becomes teleological is when something live [a human or a beaver, let's say] intententionally does the channeling. But since it is understood that mechanical forces can also 'channel', unintentional, out of simple mechanics, the word channel cannot be called teleological. In the same way, 'sorting' can be considered non-teleological, hence mechanical, and thus suited to your glossary, because things can be sorted by mechanical forces alone. But 'selection' always requires volition and awareness. So 'selection' is always teleological.	notsarc
I have posted this before, but I will post it again to filter out the digressive posts of the anti-gun people... I guess they were hoping to change the subject to something they could debate, but it didn't seem to work, now did it?Statistically, tobacco kills nine times as many people as all homicides and gun accidents combined, and alcohol kills almost twice as many as die in gun-related deaths. (src)Even if you count suicides (assuming every single one of them was with a gun, which they weren't), alcohol still kills more people. So, if your intention is to save lives, then why don't you ban this stuff? Could it have something to do with the fact that you enjoy alcohol and tobacco?	It's a lot easier to kill someone with a gun than a cigarette or a beer.	sarc
See what I mean people? A true and consistent hate monger as he ignores every word of advice and lashes out with hate and bitterness. If you take his ability to insult us away he would have nothing at all to contribute here. emoticonXRolleyes	Contribute? Oh please.... Take your crying act somewhere else. Like I said no one is buying your Bull anymore....	sarc
<flush> why don't you go whine to somebody who can help you out with that, then? or are you able to carry your own water?	me whine?  this entire f ing thread is devoted to you whining. go cry to your mommy about all those big bad gay people picking on you and your poor little religion.	sarc
people have the right to freedom of belief and freedom of speech as long as they are not hurting anyone.	i just love how deliciously ironic this statement here is. well done.	sarc
His opponents were not overlooking "most likely". Instead, they were taking "most likely" to the extreme and saying "this is what it actually is". You do the same thing with your dead animal and car vs alien. While you say "most likely", what you really mean is that the alien hypothesis is wrong.	And my interpretation of my writing is that I didn't mean that. Who has more authority?	notsarc
reading this synopsis  it looks like due process, which means california will have to fight each and every infringement on the books. pretty much, exactly what i thought, and the article about what this means for california thought, might end up to be the case.  every time california wants a new law, it will have to go back to court to see if it will be allowed.  california just might be the proving ground for the lower limits of what the supreme court will allow our bill of rights to mean.  california. you are yet again the lowest common denominator. emoticonxsmilie joke!	does it really matter? the heller decision left the door wide open for most of the restrictions that brady campaign favors. why should this case be any different?	notsarc
Well, I guess if you don't get it, you don't get it.	Was your pretty graph supposed to convince me that the universe can't be understood? Perhaps I was to intuitively understand that you're right :p	sarc
polgamy is against the law, living your life as a lesbian is not. that is why i said if i saw a polygamous marriage situation, i would contact the authorities, because in more cases than none; young women are being taken advantage of by someone much older; the tom green situation. but, the way your life is lived, i would protect to my last breath and continue to work for equality for one and all.	should we clear up what we're talking about at all? i think adultery is legal in 24 states, and i'm pretty sure adultery laws have been pretty much completely unenforced since world war ii. i don't know of any states where a polygamous relationship with no marriage involved is illegal. now, certainly having multiple marriage licenses is illegal...	notsarc
Meanwhile, there must have been provisions on the Ark for marine animals and fish as the rainwater would have undoubtedly altered the water pH and saline content. Also not mentioned is the fact that Noah and sons must have collected seeds from every PLANT on earth because I am personally not aware of many plant types that can survive completely submerged for 40 days.	Oh really ? Parts of New Orleans were under water for more than 40 days before all the water receeded. Hasn't the plant life there replenished naturally in the wild ? Of course it has. The Earth is very able to repair itself in spite of modern mans sense of self importance. Here's some interesting photographic evidence of it. www.pbase.com/andrys/noah	notsarc
Gallileo was killed because of blasphemy of the church, saying the Earth goes around the sun.	Actually, Galileo wasn't killed. He was sentenced to house arrest. And his sin was in declaring that the earth moved since the Bible states that the earth doesn't move.	notsarc
Interesting how when you search this article on google, it ony shows up on anti-gay sites. No pro-gays printed it!Maybe because they don't agree with it	Or maybe they do? Could this sick, perverted individual be the spokesperson for the so called "gay movement"?	sarc
if the laws of logic are human constructs then how can they be absolute since humans think differently and often contradictorily. If they are produced from human minds, and human minds are mutually contradictory, then how can the constructs be absolute? Therefore, the laws of logic are not human constructs.	very true. logic exists whether people are there to grasps its concepts or not.where we disagree is at your assumption that god created logic. how can this be? logic is not contingent on any intelligent entity, whether it be man or god, to exist. the logic of increasing a quantity by adding to it would remain whether god existed or not. you have yet to tie the existence of logic to god as its cause	notsarc
There are lots of facts that support it . The anthropic principle , the sudden appearance of fossils with no evolutionary past , symbiotic relationships between plants and insects. The fact that dogs have dogs and cats have cats. You interpretation of the evidence is just that your interpretation.	Again, what evidence? anthropic principle doesn't have anything to do with creation. Puntucated Equlibrium anyone? How is symbiotic relations beteween plants and insects sign of creation?What are you talking about? A dog can't have a cat. That's retarded. What facts are you talking abot?	notsarc
no it hasn't, that's my point. the constitution gives every free american the right to bear arms.. i fully support that and all other rights . the government should stay out of it, but history proves they won't.	correct, of all the freedoms most dear is the right to be left to **** alone.	notsarc
the show 'seinfeld' was absolutely hilarious. his stand up comedy is also great.	one idea per episode? there were always at least 4; one for each main character. and they always linked together perfectly. with the exception of a few episodes at the beginning and the last one, seinfeld was always gold.  the simpsons, on the other hand, has sucked for the last few years when they turned to the 'pick a celebrity guestspot' system.	notsarc
horses are my favorite animal. there is nothing more beautiful than a horse. they are beautiful to look at, wonderful to train and ride. elegant animals.	yeah horses are so cute i love it when they eat sugar right out of my hands it's so tickly	notsarc
about as much 'soverienty' legitimation as hitler had when he was butchering the jews. no cause? you forget about trying to murder bush #41. no cause? you forget about him funding palestinian terrorists at $25k a pop. no cause? you forget about invading kuwait. no cause? he kicked out the u.n. inspectors. no cause? he fired at our airplanes who patrolled the no-fly zones. no cause? the mass graves and stalinist government? and these are just the things we know for certain.	that wasn't a reason why we fought hitler. in fact, if you will remember many in the states didn't believe that occured until they saw the pictures.  hardly a reason to invade. unless you'd like to flip it around and say that every country who's leader we tried to murder has the same right. emoticonxrolleyes  how is that our problem? oh yes, it's not.  as i recall, we kicked him out, beat him up, put him under sanctions and virtually removed any ability to do anything of revelance.  doesn't that mean we have to invade north korea? emoticonxrolleyes  that's been dealt with already. rehashed arguments are worthless.  huh. stalinist govermemnt. reminds me of the dictators the us put in power in latin america. :) the mass graves also was dealt with. but then again, you clearly do not understand the me culture.	sarc
Icons of Evolution: Science or Myth? Why Much of What We Teach About Evolution is Wrongby Jonathan WellsI appologise for not remembering the exact title, but its definately a good read.	I'm not familiar with the book, so can't comment upon it first hand. However http://www.ncseweb.org/icons/ appears to have a detailed critique of the book and may be of interest to you too. As I say I haven't read the original so cannot judge the quality of the link I'm supplying, so apologies in advance if it grossly misrepresents Mr Well's case.	notsarc
Cold, again, is just an adjective. If you take a fish from the arctic seas, and put it in some chilled water (say, 5 degrees celcius) then that fish is going to think it is very hot, despite the fact we would call the water cold.	It's also a noun. But since you're unable but to repeat your self, maybe a few more times will make it 'true'	sarc
South Dakota's governor has signed the bill prohibiting doctors from performing abortions in the state of South Dakota. Oh happy day!!! The Supreme Court needs the opportunity to reverse its unprincipled decision in Roe.	So taking peoples rights away is an american value? I think I will push for legislation to make cancer surgery illegal. After all cancer cells are human life too and with modern medical tech they could become a human being also.	sarc
You're not even in the same hemisphere.	Funny. Foreigners are always cited when liberals talk about how great gun control is and how much good can come from it.	sarc
go do a google search and find out. how many babies have you supported killing?	are you a little bit retarded or something? don't get me wrong sleazyrider i love babies, they're delicious!	sarc
**Congrats on this very active "Support Group for Losers" you guys have put together. I'm sure all the group hugs will help lessen the terrible anxiety attacks you've been suffering lately, thanks to me. Ah, well, girls, if you can't shop, malicious snickering will have to do, won't it?	Cannot be helped. You make it far too easy. But do not think of yourself as a loser, think of yourself as a student with significant learning deficets.	sarc
One other point: Say that the laws of physics (which are derived from mutual human experience) are wrong but just appear to be right and that some omnipotent being can change them whenever he likes. If these apparent laws have remained the same for all of recorded human time, then why should we suspect that they may change at any moment? It all comes down to probability - if things are not what we expect they are from Science, then that should have manifested itself by now.	I'm not claiming any omnipotent deciever. I'm not sure where you derive 'probability' from, or how you can have any degree of certainty over your past experiences or those of other consciousnesses.And in any case, saying 'it hasn't happened yet' is hardly logical proof.	notsarc
No, it isn't. If people find use for it, it isn't useless. I find the stories very useful from a historical/cultural way.	Use some common sense, would you. And while you're at it, trying reading! I said, and you quoted me as saying:	sarc
I find it amusing that Xcaliber has become the very person he accuses EZ to be.Whats next from him ..flush or busted? lol	EZ is just delusional , you are ignorant.. there's a big difference. You should know considering he's your best friend...emoticonXHoho	sarc
this liberal hypocrisy makes me sick...more and more sick.  right after monica, clinton dropped bombs in iraq. not a word from the left, silence.  clinton laid out reasons why we should carry out that extensive bombing campaign in 1998. no un resolution, no congressional votes, no complaints from the left.  clinton tooks us to fight dictators killing thousands in their countries over and over. not a word from the left. saddam is doing the same...words from the left. i'm tired...i'll add later.	it must because he's a liberal. hey sarah, how come bushie's daddy, cheney, and rumsfeld all used to rub elbows with saddam? must be cause they were led astray by some liberal...	sarc
it's marketing 101. in order to sell something, you have to convince people that they need it. in order to sell religion they convince people that they need it by telling them they are going to hell if they don't buy into their religion. the more things you declare a sin, the more people will be 'guilty' of those things, thereby increasing your customer base.	i love how you broke that down, but why would anyone who feels content in their life, by into something that's telling them they are wrong? it seems like they are cutting out a big portion of their market with a certain sin that harms no one.	notsarc
Monkeys don't generally have problems with their private parts being functional.	How often to you poke your nose into monkey genitals in order to know that?	sarc
scientists are too busy with learning more about what is, than what might be.	oh really?  science does not say 'we dont know x, y, z, but we want to know x, y, z, and so we observe x, y, z, and come up with our conclusions and claim it to be true, or not? (it's a question..) if scientists were too busy learning what is, then the science that is present now, would be non existent, because in order for science to learn and understand, it must be too busy learning and understanding what 'might be', or what it has not known, yet.	notsarc
Faux means fake. In 49 states gay marriage is a fake. It has no legal standing and is non- binding, ergo, phantom or faux marriage. And I'm outta here.	And you tell people not to call you a gay basher? LOLemoticonXRolleyes emoticonXRolleyes emoticonXCensored   I know very well what faux means - that is the reason it is bashing to call someone's marriage that.	sarc
Well I am a parent. And that is a very loaded question. I am also a person that holds the Bible in high regard. Included are God's standards for acceptable and unacceptable behavior regarding human sexuality emoticonXAngel	Well, I am a parent too; three sons. So what is your point? You think I am incapable of reproducing? I have their birth certificates. emoticonXRolleyes "Bible"??? I hold Robert A. Heinland in high regard too. And Ayn Rand. And James Mitchner. And William Shakespeare. And Isaac Asimov. So what is your point?So, I should also assume you have only had sex with the intention of producing a child; in the missionary position only?????????????	notsarc
Materialists: believe that lifeforms are evolving upwards from something ugly (bacteria, fungues, etc) by way of a purely physical mechanism(no thought or intelligence required)	You can forget the loaded language including false notions of progress. Lifeforms are evolving by way of purely physical and chemical mechanisms.	notsarc
Does a cheese grater count?Or how about this? One guy held up three separate banks with a simple knife.	No, you at least need a sling shot and ball bearings, lol.	sarc
I suppose the correct terminology would be that G. fortis evolved a smaller beak due to competition from a larger billed recent imigrant.I suppose that we just aren't subjected to the same word selection pressures this side of the Atlantic.emoticonXHoho	Well, I did say I was being nit-picky: all I was objecting to was the way the original wording suggested that the change was occurring in order to avoid competition. Assuming it was due to selection, the competition from the larger birds was the putative agent of that selection.(Incidentally, I suspect we live on the same side of the Atlantic.)	notsarc
Hi Lisa - I disagree with you. Babies can't be helped while trivializing and restricting mothers and not recognizing their needs. There are reasons women choose to abort and those need to be addressed and there will also be cases where women need to abort (health concerns, rape, etc.).	And the reasons have been discussed at length and most of us agree about the mother's life being endangered or possibly in cases of rape and incest.........Where we disagree with you is unecessary abortions...such as for birth control, a headache on just and inconveniencce........You think any abortion is alright...We don't.....	notsarc
Can you imagine what the U.S. population would be without abortion? Who will take care of all these children when the potential parent cannot?	The idea of abortion as population control is absurd, especially forced abortions as someone mentioned a few posts ago. Anyone who has read a biology book knows the world has methods of population control on its own, we don't need to be doing stuff like that ourselves.	notsarc
Like most other natural history museums today, the Museum of the Earth takes visitors on a journey through time, telling as fact the 4.6 billion year history of the Earth. But visitors will never get an opportunity to check the assumptions at the foundation of this story.	Yes. The assumption happens to be that maybe the bible isn't literal. "Lets look into ourselves, shall we?" Behold we did, and Lo! The Earth is old!	notsarc
And an eternity in hell for unrepentant, Christ-denying sinners is a good thing in your mind? With friends like you who lead people astray, who needs enemies?	Oh spare me the condemnation ya' XXXX-hard. You aren't interested in saving souls. If you were, you would bother to have payed attention to the countless times you have been told that your abrasive, insulting tactics DON'T WORK.   Plus an eternity in hell or an eternity with a terroristic God? I think I will stick with being able to live with myself for even today, let alone an eternity.	sarc
because i said so! lol,... i'm so silly. i just had to post it.  seriously, i decided that i will actually construct my summary online, iangb. if you (or anyone else) cares to, you will be able to watch as i edit and construct my argument. it may be lengthy so keep it in mind that if i have to divide it up, and you post in the interim, i will have to delete this first half and move it to the end. by the way,... other than working some things out in my head,... i don't have anything prepared to post. this will be a work in progress. ... this will take quite a while. (maybe days) i see you are watching, and don't want you thinking this will be developing quickly. i will let you know when i've concluded. --chuz *** note to ian. in my attempt to compile my 'summary' i have realized that i never actually completed my arguments. it's kind of hard to summarize that which hasn't already been presented. so, my sumarization if you will- will now consists of two parts. first my arguments and then my summary.  work in progress; the argument biologically speaking, a human individual's life begins at conception definitions; a begin being biologically child conception egg embryo fetus  gamete  human individual life metamorphosisorganism sperm zygote-dictionary.com a begin being biologically child conception egg embryo fetus gamete human individual life metamorphosis organism sperm zygote-- free dictionary.com child  due process clause person --findlaw.com links logic a distinct human organism american college of pediatricians the human organism when does a human individual's life begin the physiology of aging human growth and aging wikipedia; life when does life begin? quotes; sperm; 'during fertilization, the nucleus of a sperm fuses with the nucleus of the much larger egg cell (the female reproductive cell) to form a new organism'.-the american heritage science dictionary barack hussein obama; 'we need fathers to recognize their responsibility doesnt just end at conception.' william jefferson clinton- 'if two cells join in the process that begins to make a human being, are they living? answer? no one disputes that. ' and 'when does the soul enter the body so that to terminate the living organism amounts to killing a person? that is the question.'	Chuz, the purpose of this summary is not to summarise your arguments as a whole - it is to summarise what your argument is up to this point.   Why not post just a summary of your position so far, as you see it - I can do the same, then you can continue with your argument?   There's no point in writing an argument, summarising it and then leaving the thread before I've had a chance to respond to even your argument (never mind your summary). If you are going to simply ignore any criticisms of your reasoning, then I struggle to see the point of you repeatedly requesting a one-on-one debate in the first place - you essentially regress your argument to the 'because I said so' that you are (presumably) hoping to avoid, it's just that there's slightly more detail.	notsarc
that just proves you can use the search function in youtube. it does not prove you understand anything any of it means. i'll watch them and let you know what i think.	i am very impressed with your ability to copy and paste links. now what this proves about what you know about it is still unproven. unless you are the one in the videos giving the lectures...and he looks like he has been studying this longer then 'almost a decade'. nice try though. what proof can you give that is pertinent to the debate about how that disproves an eternal being? also you may want to get with some of the other atheists on the site because they were pushing the eternal universe and big bounce theories as explanations in other debates. you all should get your scientific consensus on the same page.	sarc
Anti-abortion legislation is simply a tool by which they try to maintain a less sexually permissive society, believing that if women who fall pregnant outside of marriage are forced to endure pregnancy and likely child-raising alone, rather than being offered an easy way out, they will be less likely to have sex outside of marriage.	I think you fail to take into account that for most opposers of abortion, they genuinely feel they are trying to save lives by their opposition. In many cases it's not a matter of trying control sexual prermissiveness in society but preventing lives from being killed. Disagree or not, you can't separate the anti-abortion message from the fact that it holds to the view that abortion is a form of murder.	notsarc
most any parent (except a bad parent) is going to love their kid no matter what and most people aren't evil gay-haters after all.	Yeah parents like these?...Westboro Baptist Church family disowns daughter ? 20/20 - YouTubeChristian Nutters is what I like to call them..	sarc
I have to watch for snares now? :)I didn't say it, nor does the Bible, that only males of the human race have souls.	Well, assuming that when the Bible says "you" in passages that are telling "you" to do something with your soul, I would hope that it also applies to women. But it never comes out and says "women and men have souls." This doesn't mean they don't have them.Same thing with animals. The book isn't written for non-humans, so when it says "you" we can assume it doesn't refer to non-humans. But the book never says "animals don't have souls."So we can't assume that they don't (according to the bible).	notsarc
i think a better question is what preserved their life for so long? it is the mercy of god that upholds and preserves people in this life. it is the sin of human beings that is responsible for death. this is not correct. god does go 'out of his way' to keep everyone alive. besides that, god would never be presented with any kind of problem, much less a problem of overpopulation. good grief, to suggest that the god who created the earth would have a problem with overpoulation is, frankly, as ridiculous as trying to find some passage in the bible that condones, allows, or supports any and every abortion that occurs. that is ridiculous.	ok, i understand now. all those people, including children and the fetuses of pregnant women were all sinful and god had to murder them in tsunamis, earthquakes, etc.,  is that how god deals with overpopulation? i guess that wars are part of god's plan, too, because the recent invasion of iraq wiped out more than 100,000 iraqis according to god's plan for dealing with overpopulation.	sarc
watch your language. throwing out the f bomb doesn't lend you any weight; it just makes you sound as uneducated and immature as you apparently are.	wow, good response. you know, attacking foul language instead of making a proper rebuttal makes you sound as uneducated and immature as you apparently are.	sarc
As we know, pharmaceuticals have scientific as well as popular names.Aspirin = Acetylsalicilic acid	But the official IUPAC name for acetylsalicylic acid is 2-acetyloxybenzoic acid. Duh.	sarc
nothing new can be created by making copies, i've addressed this many times	This is a laughable oversimplication of reproduction. Humans don't make copies. Do you reproduce asexually? I know I don't.	sarc
Originally Posted by wsm2506: Personally, I think it is the inability of mankind to accept the fact of their eventual mortality. So, they conjure up "gods" that reward or punish with "everlasting life" (immortality). It has been true through out history. Nice observation, chum, but the real God - The God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob - is alive and well and wants to see you when you die.	Oh, EZ, so this god of yours wants to see ME, does he?Well and good. Because when I have access to that god he is going to get an earful from me about how his people have screwed over the world.	sarc
he may fear you. you are highly respected on this site. so if you were to make a valid point everybody would support it leaving him at a disadvantage. or maybe he thinks you may be an 'abusive participant(which would make no sense)'. i think he may be afraid.	yep. you got it.  i'm so busted.  seriously. you were a lot closer with the 'abusive participant' thing and i'm surprised that you (of all people) took the line that you did. cheap shots like that are not something that you are known for.	sarc
halifax, what part of philly is that? :)  i am ready for judgment day..........as you know the bible says that death comes like a thief in the night.......well maybe your bible does not say that...sorry........	the nice part. i'm surprised that you've even read the bible. presumably you're commenting on 1 thessalonians 5:2, wherein paul admonishes the greeks to be watchful for the coming of god? the funny thing is that all of my bibles say that.	sarc
For anti-choicers, it's just about control and power over women. They don't care about life. (Except their own.)	I'm not big on the abortion issue, but are you saying that anyone who disagrees with you is sexist and arrogant? That's a tactic straight from the leftist playbook. Clearly you're the one who's arrogant, if you can make these kinds of baseless generalizations of your opponents. Isn't it you who always accuses conservatives of being intolerant of people who think differently than them? Now that's irony!	sarc
i honestly think israel would be the ones to bear the brunt of all out war with iran..... their zeal is unmatched as a fighting force and their simply one of the best period.... oh and did you know they allow gays to serve openly in their military? guess old mccain missed that memo too.......	i didn't know that, but i'm not surprised by it. israel needs all the soldiers it can get.  and i disagree with you on the iran war issue. all out war with iran will have the israelis sitting on the sidelines yet again so as not to xxxx off the me allies fighting against iran.	notsarc
" shouldn't be a percentage. By that approach, as long as religion can pull in enough $$$ in revenue, they can be as entangled into government as they like.	If substantial shouldn't be a percentage, how should it be quantified? How would you determine whether or not their prop 8 efforts were a substantial portion of their activities? And yes, as the law is currently written, it does matter how large the church is. I would suggest that those that don't like it lobby to get it changed.	notsarc
you might look back a little further. people have been warning for the last 30 years that deindustrialisation is a really bad idea, and that loading up massive amounts of personal and public debt is an even worse idea.	if i may hijack this thread (sad to do so as i love seeing people criticise bush), i'm intrigued by this idea that deindustrialisation is a bad idea. if it is, then most of the world is doomed to live in povety surely? there is only a finite manufacturing capacity within the word and it is far less than the total number of jobs required throughout the world. we have to be able to have countries that are heavily reliant upon service based jobs. are you sugegsting that this cannot work in the long term?	notsarc
I don't come here to debate, I come here to make fun of frauds like you.	I suspected as much, well part of my job then is to ignore and make snide comments to people who don't come to debate :)	sarc
That logic can be applied to weeds or trees. Anything that is non-sentient, or non-mental existant. Should we make gardening illegal too? The thing is, you have no base for calling it a human being or giving it the same rights as us.	no base for calling it a human being? Other than the fact that a fetus is scientifical a human being. Seems you have no basis for saying I can't call a fetus a human being.	notsarc
Jake, while I don't agree with JP that this should be an issue of blame, with all due respect, your point here is a bit disingenuous--smallpox isn't easily spread by engaging in a given behavior as HIV is--HIV is a sexually transmitted disease.	What is it that you disagree with? My statement of fact? Or the fact that I made a politically incorrect assertion? emoticonXConfused	sarc
I agree, but when you know your opponent will succeed in making you look weak if you give them the chance, trying to look like the bigger man will do Jack for you. I know I'm the bigger man, the only reason for publicly displaying my moral high roadedness on an Internet forum is to prove myself, but if I know my opponent will use it as leverage against me then there's really no point.	On an internet forum why is that so important? The bigger man usually need not find it necessary to prove he is, but is secure in his knowledge he is or is big enough to realize when he isn't and adjust accordingly.My guess is this is not the only place this happens. These things happen, you fall, you get up, people laugh, you move on, you see someone fall you can laugh or help them up. Just depends on who you want to be.Sorry I am a sucker for empty milk crates. Can't seem to walk by one without jumping on and taking her for a spin.	notsarc
fox finally turned him off! popularity deminishing. his rhetoric must not be as strong as he hoped it would become. apparently he was a legend in his own mind. his listeners will have to go to limbaugh, savage or some other purveyors of tea party issues.	are you retarded or just ignorant? either way, get your facts right. limbaugh and savage do not have tv shows so if they want to listen to beck they still can on the radio. second, you imply fox fired beck...umm, no. third, the glenn beck program was the third most watched cable news program between two other fox news programs.  i'm not a fan of the glenn beck tv program but at least i'm not going around making stuff up.	sarc
While your learned reasoned response is the not. Give me a break troll. The only misdeed is your pathetic attempt to defend the undefendable.	I note the bolding but the reason for it is as inscrutable as the peculiar form of what appears to be English which is used.	sarc
it has been known for a long time -- it's just been surpressed because it contradicts genetic determinism and neo-darwinsm in general.	Yes, it's been supressed. Only 14 people knew it before some brave soul tortured them until they confessed the horrible truth!!	sarc
I had to laugh at that piece of projection. When you grow up, I'll explain it to you, s l o w l y.	You'll never have that problem comic relief. You'll always be young mentally.	sarc
Great, I guess since ted kennedy agrees with prolifers that must mean abortion is wrong for ted kennedy is the absolute truth!! emoticonXRolleyes He's just a freakin everyday person.. sheesh. So what if he changed his mind or whatever.	Yet he hasn't. No pro-choice person I know wants abortion to be prevalent, they just want it to be an option. Wanting it safe and rare and available is not an abnormal positon for a pro-choice person.	notsarc
Kronus: First guess: photoshopSecond guess: model (plaster, foam rubber, etc)...18th guess: Actual birth defectsCheck snopes in a couple of weeks on this one.	I think it's a pretty neat trick for a dead baby to sit upright in that little tub.	sarc
Later in a statement Ridgway said that murdering young women was his "career".	The man seemed have a thing about prostitutes. I believe he felt it was his God-given destiny to punish them.Cybererratus is a very interesting persona. He manifests a number of very interesting character traits. I don't believe that he likes women very much. In fact, I am rather concerned about how Cybererratus feels about women.Andrea Yates was certifiably insane and her killing of her children had nothing to do with post partum depression.And, she is being punished. She is serving life in prison -- as is Mr. Ridgway.I also find the comparisons that Cybererratus makes to be morally troubling.	notsarc
Ironically, when I have publicaly advanced the idea that God is generally compatable with evolution, I find that my agnostic and atheistic colleagues are generally comfortable with such ideas, but many believers are dumbfounded.	I believe that's true, and as a "believer" (creationist), here is what is hard to understand about that; In Matthew, 12:30, Jesus says "He who is not with me is against me, and he who does not gather with me scatters". It is safe to say that both creationists and theistic evolutionists would accept that statement from Jesus, and would seek to be "with" him, while agnostic and atheists would consider themselves "not with" him. Yet theistic evolutionists are comfortable to (usually politically) be "with" agnostics and atheists, and separate themselves from creationists. If they're genuine Christians, knowing about the warnings in the Bible about false teachings, how can they be comfortable with that?Miller laments in several places throughout the book that atheists use evolution as a weapon against religion, and that it shouldn't be that way - that it causes more strife between the two than should exist.	notsarc
i didn't name the play because i don't remember it--but, i do know that wasn't it. which error? no link necessary. you go to the public library and look up the oxford english dictionary--which i explicitly named. found a link for you: http://www.kjv-asia.com/authorized_v...d_scholars.htm '1611 shakes. wint. t. iv. iv. 154 your hand (my perdita:) so turtles paire that neuer meane to part. '	so you reference shakespeare to explain the song of solomon? seems rather convoluted, but whatever.	sarc
you are completely wrong and delusional. absolute power corrupts absolutely.	fine lets just all be on our own, fuck government, fuck state, fuck town, fuck family, lets all do what we feel so long as it makes us happy. there has to be an order to things if not there will be chaos, history has proven this time and time again, but if you think that's the way to live be my guest, you will not live to long, the universe seeks balance and order not chaos. yes power will corrupt this is the reason for the system we have, like family, town, state, government and un to prevent the power hungry from taking over, it is up to us to prevent that from happening, we the people are the world not some lone wolf.	sarc
Genesis 1:27 says that God created Adam and Eve. (I couldn't find the part about them being created "together".) No contradictions there.	They were both created on the sixth day according to Genesis 1.	notsarc
They both claimed that this was result of the ban on handguns.	Actually, Mega didn't make any claims. He just reposted an editorial.	notsarc
Yes, you can see the difference, but what is that difference?	You mean other than the fact that Mr. Pocketwatch and Mrs. Pocketwatch don't meet up for a night of whoopee and end up with little baby pocketwatches some time later? How about: I know that humans manufacture pocketwatches.	sarc
teh interweb told me: http://www.walmart.com/catalog/produ...70087%3a170193 and even if they didn't sell it, they also sell books on how to make the stuff yourself: http://www.walmart.com/catalog/produ...uct_id=1497398	i am surprised people wanted m-80s and stuff like that legal. they accounted for most of the injuries due to fireworks and most of the fires. probably not a smart idea to have them.	notsarc
The key issue is that once children are born they are not physically dependent on a particular individual.	Really? Well, when I have a kid, I'll be sure to just leave it in the woods, since it can apparently care for itself.	sarc
From AAHow can people who are so absolutely whacked out, blind and deluded in their world view, be so cocky? It just boggles the mind.	PROJECTION, again.... I'm amazed you can't recognise the amount you do it....	sarc
As if 'broadening' something can't possibly dilute it.I'm just sure a glass of Napa Valley Merlot would taste better if we broaden it by pouring in a half-glass of Chardonnay. Wine is wine, huh? emoticonXRolleyes If you can't understand the concept of sacredness, I doubt there's anything anyone will be able to tell you that would ever make a difference.	Again, you speak as if gays and lesbians are not worthy of their relationships being sacred to them. As if gays and lesbians are unable to hold dear any concept of commitment, loyalty, partnership.   What a sad and mean little man you are.	sarc
That statement exposes your ludicrousy. First, you say you're against killing children who don't have a chance. Then you say the death of the Kurds and the WTC mean nothing to you. What chance did the children in the gassed Kurdish village have? What chance did the children in the WTC Day Care Center have?	The terrorists saw it as absolutly necessary. Personally, I disagree. When we kill children in Iraq, we see it as absolutly necessary, call it a horrible side effect of war. I disagree on that, too, I don't think it is necessary at all.	notsarc
You are very narrow minded and in my opinion an idiot (...) people like you (...) If you dont have anything insightful to say why dont you just keep your personal opinion about my intelligence to yourself.	Man, you are really enriching this debate. We should all sit and listen to your wisdom.	sarc
Police hunt armed bandits targeting gun stashes in homes  Melbourne Australia.	So much for lists of registration and "safe storage". Same thing happened when Hitler took over a country and got hold of all the lists. They were especially interested in the gun lists and radio lists.	notsarc
yeah, it is pretty stupid to think that drilling in one potential oil field would affect the market price significantly at all.  there is a way to reduce your gas bill, though : drive less.	or get a hybrid. or carpool.  but it is quite impossible to reason financially with one who holds the most idiotic of fisical ideas.  it still amuses me that vor thinks a cd during low inflation is a good idea. hey, why is it that vor has cowardly fled from virtually every argument i met him in? btw vor, everytime you say something that is just financially idiotic, i'm going to bring up the cd comment.	sarc
from what i have seen of your prior posts you wouldn't know a value if it slapped you. are you still beating your live in?	geeze, oldsarge, i'm sorry you missed the rabies shots when they were passing them out. i'm surprised to see you still around frothing at the mouth.	sarc
unkerpaulie, you need to just accept that he's wired that way. if you fight it, he might spend his life in the closet and have inner turmoil! better yet, you should start a movement called thumbsucking pride! :p	you are attempting to trivialize the bias we who are gay, face, against our sexuality. you try to trivialize everything we have accomplished in terms of social acceptance, that heterosexuals have always taken for granted. your assinine comments show sensitivity to no one. maybe you'd like to start a pride movement for ignorant, insensitive, jackasses? society is moving so against that group right now.	sarc
the people's interest trumps your right to privacy when a warrant is issued. a nics check addresses the 'with no knowledge' part of your scenario. this is what i support. ca law already.	that's a real laugh, coming from someone with so little knowledge of the legal and justice systems as you. do you even know what goes into obtaining a search warrant? do you know what the limitations are regarding the scope of a search warrant and how it has to be narrowly tailored to something specific and nothing else? right. and it was ca law that lead to a father's children being murdered because he thought he was obligated to keep his guns locked up at all time, making them inaccessible even in a true life or death emergency. it was also california law that proved just how registration can, does and will, lead to confiscation. they proved our case for us and showed everyone that we weren't paranoid, and instead knew exactly what we were talking about.	notsarc
Look at the fossil record. They say each level of earth represents millions of years....and these millions of years were necessary because it took animals that long to change via RM + NS -- and indeed it might. But heck, if variation is non-random, then it nullifies gradualism -- which nullifies the whole time-frame allocated for change in the geologic column. Then what?	Well, there's also carbon dating... Didn't you post something about a decay curve? Are you now going to deny the accuracy of that?	notsarc
No, you lose. You lose any respect as someone who has an iota of common sense and decency as an American. He was under attack because he had invaded Kuwait and we were in the process of throwing him out of Kuwait. There was no justification to be firing scuds at innocent Israelis who were not a part of that war. You don't have a clue; not a single clue about Saddam. You just parrot the typical left-wing crapola. And it's doubly sickening coming from an American.	Again he was under attack. Listen to yourself. And talk about a parrot?   No one is arguing Saddam was a saint. But he wasn't and threat and he wasn't insane enough to commit sucide. You are too busy being a lemming and being led over the cliff with president Shrub (Molly Irvins -- GW is to small to be a Bush). ;)	sarc
nope, you've still missed the point. bolding your repetition won't help, either. you said 'all visiting moslems'. not 'all visiting individuals'. specifically investigating 'all visiting moslems' is discriminatory. investigating 'all visiting individuals' is not - well, it is a bit, but less so - and you would not have got this response if you had suggested as such.	since we're at war with radical islam and they have attacked our homeland once already and have promised a repeat performance. it is ludicrous, irresponsible and suicidal to consider that investigating people of islamic descent before allowing them entry to be a discriminatory policy. especially since terrorists don't fight like men but are committed only to hit and die/run sneak attacks. but i'm not surprised that you're blinded by political correctness when you should be concerned about your families security. emoticonxrolleyes	sarc
Another great irony is now a mostly male Democratic leadership that thinks taking away women's right to choose is a Christmas gift or bonus to the American people, of whom over 50% are women. Plus let's chip away at the rights of lower income women even more, at this charitable ho ho ho time of year!	A woman's right to choose to keep her legs together is not in any way abridged by this bill. Ho, ho,f***ing ho.	sarc
"Modern" Atheists have only been around for a short time. In biblical times, Atheists were people who beleved in God(s), but didn't believe He/they intervened with life on Earth. How and why do you think the terms have changed, and what are the similarities between tham?	In older times man had more questions without answers than today. Some men believed if a God of fire because they did not understand what fire was. Because of their misunderstanding they invented an answer, the Fire God. Today we know exactly what fire is and we don't need to invoke some mythical explanation. Today's atheists know that there are many other questions we don't have answers for and it's OK to simply say we don't know instead of buying into the whole "let's-invent-some-god-to-explain-it" mentality....	notsarc
yes, i'm sure that's true as well. makes complete sense. but the article is saying that among those with unintended pregnancies, those who are using, are more likely to have an abortion than those who are not using. to me that makes sense as well, but i just wanted to clear up what it was saying.	i'm quite surprised this hasn't got more attention. usually all you have to do is whisper the word abortion around here and there's a firestorm. not that that was what i was going for, i'm just surprised. maybe this article is just too straightforward for people emoticonxangel	sarc
it should be legalised as it's no more harmful than alcohol or tobacco. not only that but many marijuana users end up going onto harder drugs through contact with their marijuana dealer. lesgalising it would break that link and actually reduce the level of drug addicts overall. furthermore you could tax it and put the money into more police to clamp down on hard drugs, which would be a good thing.	ah i see. so we take away the right of someone to do with their own body what they want to, unless they pay the government more money? sound a little too much like bribery to you too? and how would clamping down on hard drugs be a good thing? how about we concentrate on the real crimes in our society, and let people kill themselves/ruin their lives if they want to. why should i be spending tax dollars (ok, well hypothetically, pretend i pay taxes) to force someone else to not hurt themselves? sound a little counter-productive? and then we complain about a defecit? (obviously that's not the main culprit of spending, but you get the point).	notsarc
Just because Dolphins start using tools doesn't mean that one will give birth to a chipmunk!Get real, evolution is a fairytale!! :)	Considering what the TOE says, if a dolphin ever gave birth to a chipmunk, it would disprove evolution.	sarc
hmm, interesting philosophy. This debate is on whether ID SHOULD be in the science curriculum as a valid alternative to evolution. You're justification is that science already has theories that are unproven, so ID should be taught too? Besides the fact that this isn't true, shouldn't you be fighting against abiogenesis instead of for it and ID?	No I shouldn't be fighting against abiogenesis, I'm for unrestricted freedom to explore it all!	notsarc
You're right. Both clearly stated that they did not support gay marriage. The difference that is being pointed out in the article you quoted is this: Biden DID clearly say he believed gay couples should have equal rights when it came to things like hospital visitation, insurance, etc.[B] He asked Palin directly whether she believed the same [/b	Really? The transcript shows that he did not ask her anything in the Gay marriage section of the discussion.Transcript can be found here: http://elections.nytimes.com/2008/pr...al-debate.htmland here: http://www.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/10/...ipt/index.html (click on the same-sex benefits section and the transcript shows up right next to the video)	notsarc
that's information to you, not to the organism. if someone says the mountain will not get higher on it's own, and you go and dump dirt on it; you have not disproven them. by information they mean that records anything useful for the organism, including specific functions. now the average anti-evolutionist would like it to be just specific functions in which case you could just say novelty (information on how to create new systems). dna records useful data (information) for other things, it records modifications of existing systems to adapt to the environment. deletions of detrimental code is also information, although the net change is a loss. as for my previous arguments, they have been that there is no known law, physics, or calculation that would cause the construction of an novel system; leaving only probability.	that's one of the dumbest things i have ever heard. if these dummies don't have a problem with information increasing, but do have a problem with beneficial information increasing, don't you think there is a problem? you included. you don't have a problem with change, only good change bugs you. dumb!	sarc
How can you possibly equate prostitution to gay marriage? And would society break down if some individuals are allowed to enter into a legally protecting penumbra institution we call marriage? Probably not.	You said who would it hurt? I'm asking you who would it hurt if there was prostituion? Just to help you think that there are injuries that are proximate to everyone.	notsarc
Um, no. There are many man-made substances that are not found in nature at all. And, I've never seen one of those naturally occuring skyscrapers or Ford F-150's.	But what makes them any different from ant hills or beaver dams? skyscrapers are natural because humans are a part of nature and they built them.	sarc
Am I missing something, or does the linked article have nothing to do with what you said?	It's the first couple of paragraghs from the article in this weeks NS. If you had an online subscription or got a copy from your newsagent you could read the whole thing, unfortunately with this one the intro rambles on a bit and doesn't get to the point till the second column...	notsarc
What a crock. I find myself loving when you go on and on so that I can continue to wail on you with the Truth Stick of No Mercy.	Talk about a crock! How can you wail on anyone with your imaginary truth stick of no mercy when you wouldn't know the truth if you tripped over it? And you going ballistic like this just proves the exact point I made in that you'll allow my free speech until I say something you disagree with and then you attack me to shut me up. Which is exactly what I said above that precipitated your childish tirade. See?	sarc
It is entirely premature to be discussing this matter for the purpose of promoting political positions and beliefs. It is also disrespectful to those that died and their families to try and capitalize on their pain for a political agenda. No relevant details have been discovered or released yet meaning all that can be had is pure speculation and hyperbole. The simple fact that authorities were able to apprehend the individual before he could commit suicide places us as a whole in a unique situation.	the law abiding responsible gun owner who gunned them down did so respectfully, right ? emoticonXFrazzledYou gun crazies are the only ones with a sick political agenda, you ought to be all sent to a loony bin and given water pistols.	sarc
your link to not go to a definition of marriage. ot goes to a link for the word: marauder-marauder - one who, while employed in the army as a soldier, commits a larceny or robbery in the neighborhood of the camp, or while wandering away from the army. so really what was your point cause you haven't made one!!!!	if you think marriage is sacred then why are you trying to change what it is? i can't say this enough times...marriage is a word that describes a union between man and women. no one created the word marriage and then decided what it would apply to. someone saw and event and gave this event a word...this would be marriage. this 'event' has been sacred since as long as we have records to show. and now, some wish to make it sacred for themselves while destroying the sacred institute that the majority of us wish to keep.	notsarc
I would secondly say that saying that one has a constitutional right to marry is not the same thing as saying that one has the right to marry a person of the same gender.	And why would you say something like this? Because Christianity prohibits it? I can't think of any other reason.	sarc
So sorry to butt in, but I would think that yes, what the woman wants is all that matters since it's her body and her ...well, this has been gone over a hundred times. It would be 'nice' to consult the man responsible but ultimately it's up to the woman since it's her body, she's the one stuck with the unwanted burden and blah blah...you know.	whatever happened to the unborn baby? No consulting him or her I guess. Even though the unborns body is being is the one being torn apart.	sarc
Like I said before I would not celebrate the death of any person...even osama bin laden. There may be evil men out there but to celebrate the death of an evil man is evil as well. It goes along the same lines as doing something evil to achieve good still makes you an evil person.	You would not celebrate Osama being out of the picture? Maybe not throw a party, but a not even a simple "yippee!"?   Yeah, right. What a load.	sarc
] How many different ways can ToE be invalidated? In a scientific theory, there are NO exceptions -- exceptions mean holes -- holes mean trouble.The answer is none so far. Your article and the mechanism involved do not impact upon TOE which makes only very broad assumptions about heritable elements. And what you reference does not constitute a hole in TOE, although it may be a new mechanism of inheritance.	yea, I often forget ToE is a mental concept, not a scientific one. Nothing -- and I mean nothing -- will ever dismantle it in the minds of the faithful. Materialism is so entrenched in your mind that even if an animal generates a new piece of morphology by mere thought, sensation or awareness, and then passes that trait down to progeny, (which has been shown on here) you still think materialism stands. It's an unfalsifiable mindset that you and millions of others have created for yourselves.	sarc
What i really find disturbing is why you choose to ignore truths and facts....did you know that the blacks that were brought here from Africa were the criminal and the mentally deranged? 90% of blacks here today are a product of them.....think about that for a week.....have you listened to "gangsta rap" lately? it is the decay of the 90s....of society....but they keep getting richer!!!!!!!	That is an interesting fact, how come I have never heard such a thing..maybe a link is in order and not a stormfront or the like link please....actually I have listened to gangsta rap...Easy E, Snoop, NWA, and so many others, in fact they are in my truck right now.. imagine a redhead "whitey" takes enjoyment in listening to all kinds of music.. hmm I also have Lady Smith Black Mambazo, Nat King Cole, and while we are at it I have music that I adore from Iran, Iraq, Saudi, Turkey and so many I cant list them all... whats your point?I would hardly call rap the decay of the 90's, apparently a lot of people listen if they are making money....I wonder if you have a crazy relative somewhere in your past? Maybe that would explain a lot.	sarc
I don't think pro-choicers in general care whether or not abortion is truly rare. If they did they would put more effort into making sure it is rare, and not just legal.	I know you're talking to Jessica, so I will only comment on this. It would be easier to make it rare if pro-life people weren't intent on making it illegal. Pro-choice people have to make it as available as possible to counter pro-life attempts to shut it down entirely.If pro-life people didn't exist, then the reasonable people could work towards making abortion rare.Take the current debates for example. My entire point is that it should not be illegal. That abortion should be available as a safe and legal choice (it can only be really safe if it's legal). We spend all our time and effort debating the legality that we spend no time on creating programs to help women choose to continue their pregnancies instead of having an abortion, legal or not.	notsarc
That's why you don't find them much below the Arctic circle. Anyway, the change still isn't evolution. That's my claim	What's your claim? That the seasonal molt of arctic foxes is evolution or that it is not? As usual, your responses show muddled thinking.	notsarc
I put to you that you are the one discriminating on the basis of someone's size and development, since you would have it that a small, slightly developed person has a right to inhabit a womb, while a fully grown adult does not.	This isn't discrimination because the adult once did have have the right to live in a womb until it could live otherwise. Once out of the womb and living on his/her own this right has been exhausted because there is no need to be living in the womb. Much like you can drive but this 'right' is exhausted when you are drunk or too old to see anything.	notsarc
:It probably would have been better if Scalia had said to himself when the case was brought before the court, "There certainly is no consensus about the meaning of the Second Amendment and I, as an amateur historian, am certainly not going to force my own personal views on others. I will let the people decide through their elected representatives how much gun control is necessary in their own communities." Nice interpretation by Dennis Henigan of HCI. He would have loved that but pretending it hasn't been ruled as an individual right by the 82nd Congress, the DOJ in August 2004 with all the history and also by 35 Supreme Court rulings and TWO CENTURIES of lower court cases that fills a 660 pg. book with majority opinion, he is either deaf/blind or outright deceitful...I opt for the latter.He and they know full well that all the courts now are bound to consider any Second Amendment case as a civil rights issue thanks to this ruling."letting people decide" has already been done, once when the Constitution was ratified with the BOR and again when the XIVth Amendment was passed. He may as well say race issues will be decided by elected representatives the racial balance necessary in their own communities"He is completely dishonest and knows full well that this is a Republic based on the Law of the Land, The Constitution and not a democracy as he suggests. One may as well follow the Piper over the cliff like a herd of lemmings to not recognize this time worn tune played by the gun grabbers.	Even new Justice Sotomayor, who claimed she ruled by precedent will be bound by the Heller Decision if she remains true to her purported philosophy. The debate between Sui Juris and Res Judicia should no longer be an issue with the liberals on this RIGHT! It either applies to all or it applies to none which would result as Justice W.O. Douglas wrote: "a revolution". It is in the government's (federal especially) best interests to keep our soldiers employed in foreign countries. BTW, I think the court decision in Nunn vs. State of Georgia did the best summation of this right!	notsarc
[quote=zachvac]i'm just saying that i'm using the exact same reasoning as you yet you reject my sleep requirement and accept a drug test. bull sleep and drugs are completley different. what you fail to provide when saying this is how sleep can be just as violent as drugs.	how are they different? both can lead to depression, impaired judgement and decrease in ability. what is the difference? you can't just claim they are completely different and leave it at that. how are they different? you say i fail to provide how sleep [loss] can be just as violent as drugs. you or epaphras_faith have yet to prove that drugs can cause violence. i have just proved that sleep loss causes a decrease in ability and impairs judgement and leads to depression. you haven't proven anything more that drugs does.	notsarc
Will the gay pride movement again try to make a bug issue of out of a beauty pageant's view of gay rights? We'll see!	No but it will be funny to see what sex tapes this tramp did too....	sarc
I have already seen your site. I got the link from two other boards.It's pretty dumb.	I also took a look and think your evaluation is charitable.	sarc
mastershake, i could never argue against a religion that is based on faith. an argument or debate is based on reason and logic and faith-based religions are not reasonable or logical. are we agreed now that faith cannot differentiate between *truth and falsity*? *edited  cthulhu, unfortunately we couldn't even prove one of them wrong because they are faith based.	are you trying to say that people of faith cannot tell the difference between myth and reality? i'm actually confused by this sentence.	notsarc
<flush> 'for the scientist who has lived by faith in the power of reason, the story ends like a bad dream. he has scaled the mountains of ignorance; he is about to conquer the highest peak; as he pulls himself over the final rock, he is greeted by a band of theologians who have been sitting there for centuries.'	so atop a mountain of ignorance is where we will find religious people? yeah, sounds about right to me.	sarc
lmao! did you read my last sentence, the conclusion of my post? and i quote: "so to answer your question: yes"damn im so evasive!since you asked the question again, ill answer again<snip>stuff about us being in a democratic system</snip>as a christian, if a legal matter is being contested, and you want to oppose it, you are certainly welcome to do so. as a gay, if you want to propose a legal matter, a christian should be equally welcome to contest it. it is doing unto others as they would have others do unto them, so to answer your question: yes	Was that so hard? Anti gay Christians do want gays to oppose their, marriages, discriminate against them, oppose christians from being able to adopt, and practice thier religion. Since anti gay christians are doing all these things to gay people then that is how they want gay people to treat christians.	sarc
What we are left with are gods that have considerably little interaction with the world that we know.	That who knows? Your use of "we" does not include many religious folk I assume. I would claim to know of much interaction that God has and has had with the world.	notsarc
Do you know what conclusions the person drew from this?What conclusions do you draw from this? That people that own guns are less scared? Or just nicer people? :)	Or that they tend to be better prepared, or even less willing to accept help from others or get breakdown cover. That's the trouble with these kind of stats, the interpretations are pretty open to debate.	notsarc
muhammad forced his followers to leave their families false he warned those who did not follow him, leaving behind their families, will be cursed by allah false in yathrib he banished and killed the jews who did not believe in him false - they tried to kill him. i wont bother wasting my time debunking the rest of your diatribe. needless to say, freedomfaith.org is hardly a repudable site. i see critical thinking isn't something you're particularly familiar with. not at all unexpected, i suppose.	i love when random myth followers talk about critical thinking :d	sarc
the only case that I know of in which a court has ruled that the second amendment is an individual right is US vs Emerson. On the other hand, I know of more than thirty cases in which the courts have supported the militia interpretation of the second amendment.	Exactly. Moreover, in Emerson the discussion of the 2nd Am. is dicta (arguments not pertinent to the verdict) so it is not a binding precedent even for the courts in the same Circuit.A question for the "original intent" crowd:What did the Founding Fathers intend with the misplaced comma in the 2nd Amendment?	notsarc
Of course the problem here, is there is not enough time to go from Neanderthal morphology to "modern" morphology by way of RMNS. This is why science needs the Neanderthals be a different species and to go extinct, leaving no trace behind. But if modern humans descended from Neanderthals, darwinists will have to admit that the transformation happened nearly instantly.	Please provide the actual estimates of the time required along with the necessary references if you please! How much time WOULD it take with confidence limits please!	notsarc
It is so easy, so simple, so evident is not it?	Actually, it isn't. It is complex and complicated. It requires diligent study of difficult concepts. But when you grasp the basics, it does become evident. But most creationists aren't willing to put in the effort.	notsarc
LOL, are you serious? Nobody wants to force their "religiously prescribed morality" on you. I'm agnostic. I don't subscribe to ANY religion.It is just common sense that murdering an unborn human being is wrong. I don't need religion to tell me that. The debate over abortion really has nothing to do with religion.	Common sense? A collection of human cells as yet not developed enough to have even the potential for consciousness a human being? Uncommon sense IMO. Just the use of the term "unborn" is ridiculous. Are the rest of us the "undead"?	notsarc
However one thing that works against evolution is this. It is just amazing that every creature on this planet didn't evolve to use the sun as a source of energy and food in some way or another.	Almost all did. In fact, probably all that you are aware of did. Even the energy in the steak that you eat came from the sun ultimately. The thing is that evolution seems to have resulted in an organism to take advantage of almost every form of available energy. And what energy is left by "higher" animals is used by others - insects, microbes - until there is little usable energy left. That even goes so far that there are some organisms that get their energy from geothermal sources - no light involved.	notsarc
The fact that freedom of speech is still valid has nothing to do with this - the constitution doesn't rise and fall as one, or the concept of 'amendments' would not exist.	Oh, really?   Translation: the only amendments that rise and fall are the ones that I want to.	sarc
Rubbish, there are many that argue otherwise. The life of twins can be viewed as starting at the moment the zygote/ embryo splits for example.The reality though is there is no single point at which a human life begins: the moment the egg and sperm form, the moment of conception, first division and implantation, the moment the heart starts to beat, the moment of birth etc all mark stages in the formation of a new life.	oh yeahrubbish rubbish,scientifically speaking, human life (using a most bsic term) begins at conception. the twins exist as two seperate entities the moment each contains the individual human dna. seems to me you better be certain when it begins before you go around ending it. if you are driving at night an you "think" you might see a person ahead in the middle of the road you are hopefully not gonna drive over that person. Instead that uncertainty should lead you to stop. If you dont like that example, consider a hunter who is unsure what is in the bushes.	notsarc
i can't tell if you're agreeing or disagreeing with david.  david comes out against intervention in the market, and says crony capitalists want more intervention in the market. obama wants to hand out money to politically connected auto industry players. are you saying david is right, and we need less government intervention in the market, or that he is wrong, and we need the government to give more money to corporations? a 'faux argument' would be a pretend argument, like pretending you are an ardent pro-lifer, and making up terrible arguments, to make the pro-life position look ridiculous. kind of like a strawman except in character.	proof? and, i'm just surprised that brooks is actually capable of seeing where the problem lies. his solution? probably another dumb republican non-solution.	notsarc
"Mythology?" Hah! When will you ever learn? Did you know that atheism is a religion, George?	Atheism is a religion? Pray tell, where would I find the atheist church?Ridiculous.	sarc
40 million people have died because they were aborted. How many Einsteins or Edisons did we kill? What kind of great change have we prevented?	Do you know how many Osama Bin Ladens we Killed???? emoticonXRolleyes	sarc
of course it is known that wild animals that are sick just die from natural selection(they get eaten, or they don't manage to find food) and even livestock, if it has some disease, can be culled to prevent outbreak of disease. in humans it is different though, there are quarantine zones to prevent spread of certain disease. however, religion is sort of disease, but mind disease which can't be prevented to spread by some quarantine, but only by some great culling, and restricting it's spreading. religion is so embedded within (weak) human mind that it can't be removed normally(e.g. non violently, as those emotional weaklings would call it) but only by eradication.	i really hope you're joking. extremism is a disease, but not religion. religion can be, and is, for the most part, peaceful.	notsarc
You don't make decisions based on emotion.The only connection between morals and emotion I have ever made was that properly a persons emotions should be controlled by their beliefs on morality.	You never bought something you liked? You never went somewhere with someone you liked or went to meet them?	sarc
Will some creationist point out the errors in the above? But if you do, make sure you protect your identity.	I'm not sure that your comment will encourage any sort of discussion. Certainly no one is glad because your mother died so young. Not even creationists are likely to be gleeful.	notsarc
Even in the case of the Romans, such practices as decimation eventually led to their downfall. When Atilla marched on rome, he started with less than 2000 men. He picked up hundreds of thousands on the way through, people dissatisfied with the Roamsn policies.	And Atilla's army of as many as 1/2 million men was beaten and forced into retreat by the Romans and Visigoths in 451AD. A year later, he was forced to make peace after devastating the Roman countryside...but NOT Rome itself.He died a year later in 453AD.	notsarc
You claim that the distinction between a baby being a bodily function of a woman or not is a matter of empirical fact, this is just not so. I think you should rethink what empirical fact is. Empirical fact, are facts that are said to be true on the basis of empirical observation. If I see a light on in a room, that is an empirical observation, and for me, that the light is on, is an empirical fact. However, if you and I both empirically observe at a fetus in a womb then the only empirical fact we could both agree on, I think, is that there is indeed a fetus in a womb. I say that fetus is part of a persons body performing a function, you say its something else, and that's a mater if ideology, not mere observation.	So for example if I say "you are a part of my body, and therefore I have a right to kill you", is this simply a matter of ideology?I admit the distinction is not clearcut at early stages of development, but how do you support the idea that post-birth children are "a part" of their mothers' bodies and therefore legitimate to kill?It is no more legitimate to say that a fetus is a part of a woman's body than it is to say that a woman is a part of a fetus' body. Just as a woman is not a subordinate slave to the fetus within her, the fetus cannot be considered subordinate in rights to the woman it is inside.	notsarc
Yes, I certainly did consider these risks, and the risks at the time were far higher for continuing pregnancy than getting an abortion.	Then for you, you made the right decision at the time. I'd personally have been leary of not getting to work or go to school easily from the doctors statements, especially in regards to keeping the child.	notsarc
in defense of the fruit fly, why would one evolve when one is already suited well to their environment? what good does a 7th leg do? and about the experiment itself - please, always post references. who did the experiment? when? under what conditions? how? assuming you were correct about the experiment, were variables put in place such as habitat changes to reflect the timeline you speak of, a large variety of fruit flies to begin with, random mating, etc etc or did some people just shoot some x rays at a couple fruit flies, did some arithmetic which was probably wrong and called it that? and im sorry, but there is mountains of direct evidence for evolution, you just need to go and look at it.	i'm totally surprised i've posted so many posts in this thread: not like me at all.	notsarc
It's hard for me to believe that people in your movement don't know that generally, people's view on a political/ideological issue is a different matter than whether or not they would save their life or help them. Surely you all aren't THAT out of touch with the way people are.	You see, that's the problem: "generally". You obviously know little or nothing of how prejudice works in this country.	sarc
The phrase "#### hits the fan" refers to what would happen if such an event occurred, a big mess. For example "Big Jimmy just found out Sly Jones was sleeping with his wife, the #### is really going to hit the fan now!"Substituting something else into the metaphor other than #### renders it meaningless, its unclear what would happen if a "theory" hit a fan, are you trying to say it would make a mess, that nothing would happen, that it would spin in circles?	I'm glad you made the same correlation I did. ToE is a substitute for #### in this case.	notsarc
That interpretation is fine except that God says, "I WILL make a helper suitable for him." He hadn't made the animals yet in verse 18, but he created Adam in verse 7.	He had ALREADY MADE the animals. "now the Lord God HAD FORMED..." not "now the Lord God formed..." See the difference? He already HAD FORMED the animals before he brought them to Adam. He made the animals before Adam.	notsarc
Is their freedom a result of the beneficence of Kim Jong-Il, then?Soory to burst your bubble, but this is a triumph for the nation, for President Obama, for Secretary Clinton, and for former President Bill Clinton.	I forgot you support the NKorea government....yeah, it would be a triumph to you.	sarc
#1 - How are we now able to observe evolution, when the evolution of the world supposely took billions of years?	Not all evolution takes place over billions of years. There has been speciation that we have actually seen occuring within a few years at a time. "bacteria, birds etcs."Natural selection occures frequently. You can "observe" evolution through the fossile record, DNA, morphology etcs.Evolution has made predictions, these predictions have come true, ergo, it's good.	notsarc
That reminds me of the discussion I got into on a "christian" board when I referred to a particular pompous XXX as a pompous XXX. I was banned for a week for using profane language. Pointing out that an XXX is an animal and that my remark made sense only in that light was fruitless. My answer was to demand that they ban some versions of the Bible because they told of how Abraham tied his XXX to a tree and Jesus sat on his XXX in Jerusalem. Didn't phase them. They also ignored without comment references to Judge Roy Moore's monumental erection in the rotunda of the Alabama Supreme Court building.	That is what supersport is hoping to do... However, assuming that you are correct in your interpretation, he has no chance of doing it so well.	notsarc
I agree, there is a difference between faith and inference. It seems though, that there is an element of faith in evolution. You must have faith that the evidence presented is accurate. You have to believe that the scientists are unbiased, etc.	Do you need faith to know the sun will rise tomorrow or that 2 + 2 = 4 or to know that if you drop a rock it will fall to the ground?	sarc
Evolutionists have taught for decades that the second law of thermodynamicsthe entropy principle that things naturally decrease in complexity rather than increaseposes no barrier to evolution. Their claim is that while there is an overall downhill trend in nature, uphill innovations can occur locally in a system if abundant energy is available. Specifically the sun's energy provides all that is necessary to transform inorganic chemicals into a living cell and eventually into people. All that is necessary is an open system and abundant energy, especially the sun's energy. If complicated living organisms can be created in this way, certainly something not nearly so complicated as a house could be produced. Especially a solar-powered house!	That's obviously not what is said. The sun's energy is not claimed to be a mechanism that makes order of disorder. What it does do is override the tendancy within the 2LoTD where total usable energy in a system decreases.	notsarc
Then banning same-sex marrige would be wrong, and there would be no reason for it. Unless it harms someone, a law should never be passed.	A law baning same-sex marriage, then I'd agree. But the reason same-sex marriage doesn't exist (other than Mass.) is not because of law; after all, there are plenty of states that don't have same-sex marriage with no law that outlaws it. You're barking up the wrong tree--this is a cultural issue more than a legal one.	notsarc
i'll bet you're just a barrel of laughs to work with. the grinch who stole halloween, the best holiday of the year. did that move get you voted employee of the month from your co-workers? there was no such thing in any dracula movie. and halloween displays 'could well be perceived' religious displays? please. you sound like one of them dour militant christians. i think you entirely missed gaetano's point.	that's me, and proud of it. but i guess you get your jollies when pagan religious symbols or a pagan religious event can be displayed / practiced, but to heck with anything that might resemble christianity? real nice and equitable there, moose.  it got me a lot of 'excellent!' and 'way to go!' remarks from a number of co-workers.  bull. i've seen it, though it's been many decades now. get real. halloween itself is a pagan religious event, if you will do some research for a change. once again, pagan-related religious themes are fine, but screw the christians.  aren't you one of the libs who tries to sell their 'tolerance' (except for anything christian)? reckon so.	sarc
One of the NRA's favorite quotes. "The context of 'that every man be armed' was who would provide for the arming of the militia, the states or the federal government not a personal right."http://www.potowmack.org/emerappi.html#pathen	From your own link it is very clear the NRA DID NOT say that or publish that. Your clearly very wrong.	notsarc
so its the scientific community that sets up communication within a society, and then the dumb old common peasants come along and screw it all up? hahaha  sorry but im not convinced.  im not in science, other than unwillingly contributing my tax dollars  however small the percentage is  to a social agenda of those who control the scientific community. im permitted to have theories about it. emoticonxangel when the word theory is applied to a very wide range of subjects, its not fair to label someone who questions one theory a rejecter of all theories. thats what the link in the opening post did  thats not rational discourse, its not secular open inquiry, its not a search for truth or knowledge. its political/atheist rhetoric - look at the bottom of the page and whose name do we see? richard dawkins, what a surprise. and a quick google of edgar pearlstein shows a sarah palin hating atheist liberal just like him. emoticonxrolleyes science has a role in the control of the people atheists do, but it doesnt necessarily mean that they represent science. you havent gotten in over your head  most who post here dont know much about science. tq doesnt, and of course hell tell you that i dont. theres a big difference between science, and the creation/ evolution controversy. many atheists who seem to be interested in science are actually only interested in it to the point that it helps them feel intellectually fulfilled, to discredit religion. some of the best reading on the creation/evolution controversy isnt written by scientists, but by philosophers who have done just enough scientific homework on the subject to keep a clear focus on the controversy, without confusing it with too much detail. michael ruse and bradley monten are two excellent atheist authors on the subject. religious authors, practically too many to name. william dembski, david berlinski, phillip johnson, cornelius hunter, many others. you would do well to read anything by any of these people. far too many young people seem to make the mistake of getting most all of their information from rabid atheists who are also degreed biologists, like richard dawkins. hes become a celebrity, and most degreed biologists who are not rabid atheists are a little to timid to take him on in a very direct way, without fear of discrimination, academic or otherwise. michael behe is one of the few who has been somewhat successful at it, not in avoiding discrimination, but in his ability to make a comfortable living in spite of it. read the edge of evolution, or darwins black box sometime. :) some irreducible complex structures, but not all of them. for atheists, thats good enough. but its not good enough for everyone. in behes words; as biochemists have begun to examine apparently simple structures like cilia and flagella, they have discovered staggering complexity, with dozens or even hundreds of precisely tailored parts. as the number of required parts increases, the difficulty of gradually putting the system together skyrockets, and the likelihood of indirect scenarios plummets. behe wrote this in 1996, and since then it has only gotten worse for the atheists, no matter how much they dance.	When it comes to all the examples that Behe had provided in both his first book, and his second book , it has been shown to be able to evolve naturally.   That means, in principle, IC systems can evolve. If you don't believe so, bring forth the I.C. system of your choice.   To say 'But you don't know all the answers' is just the logical fallacy known as 'argument from ignorance'.   Behe brings a system up that he claims is IC.. the pathway for evolution is discovered, and Behe trys another one. How dishonest can you get?   The concept is falsified.	notsarc
NO!What we need to do is out terrorize the terrorists!Using a plethora of dispicable methods born out of the heart of madness, I'm sure we could show the world that we're number 1 in anything we set our hearts to.Why, I'd speculate that such a campaign would quickly see Osama handed over on a silver platter in short notice.Now, some might say that such would only increase opposition to the US...but, when you consider that the heads of all military aged males adorn poles leading from Kabul to Baghdad (think about it)...I'd doubt there'd be many left to take up arms.	Sounds like a movie... We could threaten to use our old nukes on all the potential enemies...oh, yeah, we've already done that.	sarc
i doubt you have any... it isn't like this is the first time this has come up. so lets see it. it is essential to your argument so you need to provide it. and you just assume the evidence relates to the fact? perhaps you assume the evidence tested is tested in methods are in reality logical. you beg the question no matter how you look at it which is why you have to have faith in something. well, many definitions of the word fact. i think it is useless to argue this. a fact can just mean 'a truth that exists' or it can be a 'something known to exist'....so, whatever. human (n): 1. a member of the genus homo and especially of the species h. sapiens. 2. a person is the embryo not of species homo sapien?  perhaps you were home schooled	since you are so oblivious to the truth, and probably flunked science a couple of times: http://www.mala.bc.ca/~johnstoi/essays/courtenay1.htm http://newton.nap.edu/html/creationism/evidence.html http://www.thekeyboard.org.uk/the%20...g%20theory.htm http://www.umich.edu/~gs265/bigbang.htm fact listen: [ fkt ] n.  knowledge or information based on real occurrences: an account based on fact; a blur of fact and fancy.  a. something demonstrated to exist or known to have existed: genetic engineering is now a fact. that chaucer was a real person is an undisputed fact. see above. http://www.carm.org/abortion/embryo.htm a piece of my hair is of the homo sapein species too. does that mean my hair is a person? perhaps you need to get your 'facts' straight.	sarc
In the following example that you provided: What is the context of the word 'truncated'? The way I read it - it is talking about a truncated string of code or something. What was truncated?... *more than 100 LPL gene mutations have been identified, the majority of which cause loss of enzymatic function. In contrast to this, the naturally occurring LPLS447X variant is associated with increased lipolytic function and an anti-atherogenic lipid profile and can therefore be regarded as a gain-of-function mutation. This notion combined with the facts that 20% of the general population carries this prematurely truncated LPL...*	The original molecule had some lipolytic function, but removing some amino acids from it, in the right place, made it fit better into the substrate, and thereby greatly increased its functionality. Barbarian observes:We thought it would take roughly a million years for bacteria to evolve enzymes capable of digesting nylon (because the compound is so different than any they were able to digest) but it took less than a century. .	notsarc
Why, if one wants to have an abortion, should one be FORCED to view a sonogram?	Nobody should be forced to even have a sonagram. I think that you'll find reasonable pro-life and pro-abortion people believe that much.	notsarc
Now that's what I'm talking about. emoticonXHoho emoticonXGood	You mean you are as biologically ignorant and as easily refuted as the thread originator? Yes, we knew that already. Why all the big letters?	sarc
You know what I find amusing here...your entire argument revolves around how it will affect your wallet. Forget about the lives of the people who are denied rights in this country that you take forgranted. That is the true christian-American spirit isn't it? Oh how proud our forefathers would be if they could see us now...oh wait...most of them owned people...nevermind.	And an even funnier thing is it won't affect his wallet at all.	notsarc
What fact's? Fact's of propaganda Yea thats it. I see more whining on the Conservative side then the libral side.  Not saying the libral are not whiners Both partys are whiners.	What facts? The article above your post is replete with documented facts. Are you in denial? Have you even read the article? Are all of your responses knee-jerk, shoot-from-the-hip defense mechanisms?Pay attention.	sarc
If God made everyone for heterosexual sex, why did he make people who find heterosexuality distasteful, who find those of their own sex attractive. Did God make a mistake? Was God wrong?	Thats why I say my gayness is His gift and blessing to me. There is nothing more joyous then gay sex.	sarc
and therein lies the rub. anybody honest enough to denounce our socialist leaning predecessors in congress and the whitehouse could never get enough financial support from those that suckle off the gov't teat calling themselves 'democrats' of all things.	rrriiigggghhhtttt.... do you really think your opposition to ending medicare / medicaid would just come from the recipients? no. it's like kids being afraid of getting their haircut. it's much adieu over nothing. and then when the haircut is done, they realize it's not as bad as they made it out to be... and they eventually recognize the need for the haircut...	notsarc
you mean the conservative tilting supremes donot know the law ? you want to tell them that ? emoticonxchicken emoticonxchicken emoticonxchicken emoticonxchicken emoticonxchicken	you'd be hard-pressed to get me to agree with your definition of 'conservative' . and i'd love to tell them. do you have their e-mail addresses? i'll start with chickenshit kennedy.	sarc
Well, as we all know he has been and he is gone. Surprised he had the guts to come and support what appears to be a lost cause. Even if Martha (or as Teddy's son Patrick calls her Marcia) wins a close race, there is a message for Obama and the democrats, "stop shoving things down our throat". Maybe that is the way it is done in Chicago or some third world country run by a dictator.	Yep, Martha is in trouble and the democrats are panicking.   I think the strong Independent support for her opponent is due to Martha's own lack of appeal.   By they way, I have to ask....since "The anointed one" was in your neck of the woods, did you get a peek at him? prehaps even wave at him (with all 4 fingers) ;)	sarc
show me the pro-choice group from 1850 please.	You said there wasn't a pro-choice group before Roe v Wade. However I would have to do my research to dig up a group in 1850. Hold on...	sarc
They're sputtering with rage because they can't drive you out of here. They don't believe in freedom of speech. I admire your staying power. emoticonXGood	Now marc, that just isn't fair. They believe in freedom of speech.... if you agree with them. I just find it difficult agreeing with secular humanists. emoticonXSmilie emoticonXAngel	sarc
**Sounds more to me like a bunch of right-wing, no-neck, knuckle-dragging, drool-soaked, self-righteous slope-heads don't grasp the offensiveness of racist and chauvinist and other insults applied to groups of people, so long as they themselves do not belong to that group. If I haven't made you understand already, imagine a well-known media personality saying what I've just said to you, right out loud, to all the world, but off-the cuff and for no reason. Just to be 'witty' about right-wingers.Next time a black sport or other announcer casually describes a mostly caucasian bb team as a bunch of string-bean honkies on steroids, we'll see what happens. Oh, you say that's never happened yet!?! Gee, I guess you're right about that. I wonder why not?ww	Good point here, because the media never insults right-wingers....emoticonXRolleyes   I don't think anybody is denying that Imus' comments were tasteless and offensive. The point that is being made here is that he has the right to make such comments. He didn't discriminate against anyone. He simply said something stupid. If this is going to be considered a crime, we would all be locked away.	sarc
Xcaliber thinks you are an imbecile because you believe in God.He must think you are a delusional imbecile because you think you have a one to one with him.At least thats something we agree on emoticonXGood	No I think YOU are the imbecile. And it's great to see you follow your buddy EZ and his ways.. I suppose you've been training with him for some time now.. You're almost identical twins .. give it a bit more time and we won't be able to tell you apart.	sarc
so are you are saying that because she wants an abortion she should have it? then why are you even against abortion? we are talking about a life here not just a fetus. i believe that everyone has a right to live. no fetus should pay the consequences because of a decision made by it's mother. in the year 2000, there were 1.3 million fetus that were killed and the same amount of families were waiting for children to adopt. if you are saying that nothing is wrong if a woman needs an abortion, the you are saying she can have repeat abortions. what if a woman who has unprotected sex and knows the consequences of her actions but later decides she wants an abortion? what is your opinion on that?	i think so too. every father should have a right to have a say when it comes to an abortion because that fetus was formed from their chromosomes and genetics. i am surprised that advocates for abortion are saying that men have no right to tell a woman how to control her body but yet they don't have a problem with the decision of the u.s supreme court in which all of the judges were men.	notsarc
Then they can seek permission from us to arm themselves, and only for official duties that require it. Afterwards they can just turn them in and go back to being in their proper place.	Just how do you suppose the government seeking permision would work in reality? And what exactly are you afraid of? It seems odd when people advocate blind trust for Joe Civilian, but then think that the government shouldn't be allowed to be armed. I think there must be a balance in trust given both ways.	notsarc
ting a few of the groups that liberals will go out of their way to stand up for and squawk about how they need more equality, more protection, more opportunities and funding, etc.	Liberals are squawking about more funding for atheist groups? Homosexuals don't deserve equality? Liberals are pro-terrorism?Goodness, even your backtracking just digs the hole deeper. Just can't help it, can you?	sarc
Explain what you mean by the laws of physics. :)	The laws of physics are short, descriptive statements that describe the operation of certain natural phenomena that always seem to occur in the same way. Many times the "laws of physics" have been amended by further information, causing the law to be restated.Actually, I think he meant the way that we have observed the universe and all of nature to operate.	notsarc
true perhaps. the ba'ath party sanctioned all of the killings of innocent civilians back then.  ragged militias? you clearly have no grasp on the nature of the militias that we are fighting in iraq. they are organized, well funded, well supplied, and highly motivated. we certainly could reign all of the militias in if we really wanted to, but the world would probably not approve of the method. so what of it? don't think i am going to sit here and defend bush. i have n control over what the man says and when he says it. personally, i stopped listening to what he had to say a long time ago.  what reasons to be specific? why don't you spell them out for the whole class to hear.	hmm so all you guys have achieved is make a bad situation in iraq infinitely worse and you ask the reasons why the whole world hate you? go to iraq and ask the people there what do they think of you and take the whole class with you including the teacher. so how would you reign in the militias, what is your method the world would probably not approve of?	sarc
Some theories are philosophical, and some are not. It's often hard to distinguish between them, and that's how some scientists like it.	Yet another non-response. (We're not going to have to start counting these, are we?) It fails to address your dilemma of the "just are" theories.	sarc
Religion= faith in a deity or deities (rough definition)  Atheism= lack of religion/deities  Therefore, atheism= lack of faith    There is no "faithful" beginning point of atheism.	So atheism doesn't "need" facts? If it claims to have complete knowledge of evolution, doesn't it need all the facts? If the answer is no, then how can it argue against religion? Miller didn't explain it.	notsarc
I'm still having a hard time with this. If nothing exists, no matter, then how can "the number one" exist? On what basis is it defined? If there is only nothing, then you can't add to it, like I said 0+0=0.I know this is getting slightly off topic and philosophical, but it would seem to me that "concepts", and I'm not sure exactly how that's being defined, must have a basis in reality, and therefore in matter.I agree in that they are not created. I disagree in that IMHO, they are a function of our physical universe. IMHO, you don't have the concept without the universe to "define" it. I don't know, it's too early in the AM, maybe someone can point out the errors in my thinking.Waxy	addition works in the intangible as well. 1 minute + 1 minute = 2 minutes. 1 idea + 1 idea = 2 ideas. the concept of quantity is not limited to matter. if there was just a vaccous void were absolutely nothing was happening, then there would be no application of logic. but even that in itself would be logical. nothing + nothing = nothing is logical. it would actually be logical if a void with nothing added to it result in something. so even in a void, logic still prevails	notsarc
5) Moving on, if we look teh other way, evolution is actually a theory not physically proven, one of it s theory suggested that human started out in Africa while another in Asia, but if u look at them none resembles the other and none have a characteristic of an animal.	And of course, the theory of gravity isn't "physically" proven either. Neither is the heliocentric theory or atomic theory or the germ theory of disease. However, evolution has been observed to occur and the current theories are the best explanations that we have for the observations. As far as your mangling of the "Out of Africa" theory, it would be nice if you actually learned what you are talking about before you babble such nonsense.	sarc
You need to visit some other websites; i.e. get yourself out and around in the real internet world some more.Shake the cobwebs off your bold.There are, for example, presently thousands of posts at the New York Times, in only the last day or two, from single payer and public option supporters.Go scream your bold there Big Shot. You and your other handles that comprise this entire forum of one man who probably also needs to see a doctor for a strong psychiatric prescription.	Leave it to a leftist to cite a leftist forum for evidence that a leftist agenda is supported by dedicated leftists. Go figure, huh? This post just proves that attempting to reason with such an irrational thinker is truly a waste of time and effort.	sarc
Err, no correction necessary, I just felt like saying Enrapture.No the dooms-day will not be on the arrival of the asteroid, that has nothing to do with it, the dooms-day event will be a terrible event, even for the innocents, wrong on both accounts. emoticonXGood	On the bright side, it appears that the Rapture will solve the Social Security financing problem...	sarc
as i said above, would you care to link to the description section where it say's this, because i couldn't find it. that would clear this up and prove your point that i'm in error. how bout it?	archie, it's already 'cleared up' that you're a liar. you claimed to know what he was about. you claimed it was a 'secular site that's dedicated to exposing the homosexual, extreme left, communist and anarchist agenda'. but he's not really interested in 'homosexuality' at all. and i find you're 'couldn't find it' to be incredibly absurd. it's on the web-page where he talks about the event in the first place. if you actually start clicking to see the pics and his comments, it's right there! i'm not linking to pornographic material on this web-site. the header of that web-page reads:  'up your alley fair san francisco, july 27, 2008 part 1' i am incredibly amused that you repeatedly lie all over the place on this web-site, but then you press others for proof.	sarc
Just because YOU feel that there's something to what she said, doesn't mean there WAS...I'm of the opinion that there is a man who finally showed some guts to speak the truth...the fact that you find it distasteful does not diminish his courage	emoticonXRolleyesThe problem with that?What Obama was saying wasn't a lie... The healthcare legislation Obama was talking about clearly forbids providing services to illegal immigrants.And furthermore, the whole "showed some guts to speak the truth"???ROFLMAO!There are MILLIONS of people saying all sorts of stupid things about the president.9/12 project???I suppose you think those guys were cowering in their closets refusing to "show some guts to speak" (what you think is) "the truth"...	sarc
So why, in this gun-hater's dream come true of congress, did they choose not to advance a single gun control bill and have it signed into law?	I don't find it surprising. It's probably a strategic sacrifice on their part rather than a change in their personal views . They don't want to lose votes and possible support from gun owners for their priorities like health care reform because of a difference of opinion on gun control policy. They know that the Republicans are going to hit them with everything they've got during election time and exaggerated accusations about the Democrats wanting to take away people's guns would hurt them. The Republicans learned during the Clinton years that creating as much as paranoia as possible about the Democrats supporting big government is the way to regain a majority in Congress. It's all politics.	notsarc
So, Archie, nothing matters if it is outside of America?	Sure they matter. But that isn't the issue here. You posted this in the abortion forums as if this medical malpractice which is taking place in an impoverished third world country is justification for it in America. That is a ludicrous and totally bogus argument to make.If you thought rationally, you would have it in the health forum and be complaining about how third world countries are so ill prepared for this common problem when we have the technology so readily available to avoid it. My Lord simone, a simple C-Section is all that is required to make this a non issue for mother and baby. But you ignorantly post this drivel as if abortion is the solution. It makes no sense at all, and yet you post it thinking that you're contributing something rational. Go figure, huh!!! emoticonXFrazzled	notsarc
"(2.) Having to register guns will inevitably lead to a complete ban on guns, just as automobile registration has led to an outright ban on automobiles.	Cars are a privilege, your gun isn't. Show me evidence that would support the registration of your first amendment rights being constitutional.	notsarc
LOL, Joe, Kinsey was a flake and his analasis had been disproven time and agaim. David and Jonathan were not lovers. The Bible refers to love in this case as that between BROTHERS And Paul's ministry? God called him to be single. Nice try, but the target is 8' to the right.	Actually, if you count the Kinsey 4,5, and 6's you get 18%. It's 10% for the 5s and 6s. That'd be the people that prefer the same sex over opposite for the most part. 2,3,and 4 would be those who are bi and lean slightly one way or the other. 0 and 1 are people who pretty much always choose opposite sex over same. 0 and 6 are very rare though. Anyway, 10% of people are a 5 or 6. About 3% are a full 6.Could Jesus have been asexual? In certain philosophies asexuality is considered a sign of enlightenment. For instance, after becoming enlightened, the Buddha rejected sexual desires.	notsarc
you don't leave a lot of room for disagreement moose. all one must do to get pounced on by you all as a group is to say we disagree with the lifestyle and we are immediately attacked as christianistas/christers/christianists bigots. homophobic haters who want to oppress and destroy you. but none of what you accuse me of being is true which is why it rolls of me like water off a duck. and i realize my truth is hard and painful to receive but it is spoken in love and out of an eternal concern for you. if what i believe is true, and it is; and i really felt about gays as you say i do, then why would i tell you about the good news of salvation in the hope of spending eternity with you ? explain that if you can.	your truth?? your truth???? does it come in singles or in a bundle? do i get some sort of discount for being agnostic, that's halfway between theist and atheist, ja? does it cost extra to buy the 'be judgmental and condescending, and you will enter heaven' version, or can i just buy the 'i have so many flaws, but when they are exposed or i'm out of hand, i'll just fall back on jesus, and that makes me perfect and whole' one? nah, i'll be satisfied with 'the truth that i know is truth, not faith. let's just skip the faith process.' that hits the spot!	sarc
If you're after concealment my favorite and regular carry is the Kel-Tec .380.Fits in the watch pocket of a pair of Levis, feeds six hollow points flawlessly and weighs almost nothing. Several of our deputy sheriffs carry them as summer off-duty pieces, which is how I discovered the convenience.	That is a nice little pistol with lots of smack for only 11 onces. Also, I like DA automatics.	notsarc
the cricket in the pliers feels pain...When you start to squeeze a cricket with a pair of pliers, it starts to wiggle and tries to get away so as not to get crushed by the pliers. Is it because the cricket feels pain?	If you feed me a lot of caffinated coffee i start to wiggle and squirm too. I'm not really in any pain.	notsarc
i am offering any of you creationists, christians, etc, the chance to prove me wrong. of course, to have this chance, you must also accept that i have full ability to argue with you. i used to be a christian, but after extensive studying and questioning, threw it away. do not talk to me unless you have a somewhat open mind to argue things. my aim is pikeman852003 my icq is 117686925 my msn is pikeman85@hotmail.com if you want to argue with me, add me. i'll argue with anyone who wants to, but be advised, when i argue with people, i often make them question things they had never thought of. i have convinced several people to severly question or even give up their faith using reasoning and facts. argue with me at your own risk. i originally posted this on the old forums, then learned they were obsolete.	demon, that was quick were you right there? no resentment in my heart friend. i try to translate an expression from hungarian (again i guess that will be poor but i try anyway) 'friendship remains' (or 'unchanged' may be the better word?)  now here is what you asked:  that is a very good question demon, but i would put one more word there 'who'. no insult intended.	notsarc
That unfortunately is what seems to frighten a lot of people. That a majority of people could vote aginst them.Bear in mind that ANY democracy as a bedrock depends on a majority vote. Even the US Constitution can be amended and changed by a majority vote difficult and complex though it may be.	Ah yes, the Might Makes Right principle. Mob rule. You are so fond of it I have to assume that you assume the mob is always going to agree with you. Poor, naive soul...	sarc
Some Iowa county recorders say they have contemplated refusing to give a marriage license to gay couples who walk into the office, but so far none is vowing to do so.This is putting us in a very, very difficult position here, Wayne County Recorder Angela Horton said Thursday in an interview. But sometimes you have to put aside your personal beliefs, your religious beliefs, when you're doing a job you've sworn under oath to provide.After hearing rumblings of discontent, a state official sent a strongly worded note to all recorders Thursday explaining why they should obey the Iowa Supreme Court ruling legalizing same-sex marriage when it takes effect April 27.Victoria Hutton of the Iowa Department of Public Health informed recorders that the ruling has the force of law statewide: All county recorders in the state of Iowa are required to comply with the Varnum decision  and to issue marriage licenses to same sex couples in the same manner as licenses issued to opposite gender applicants.Republican state senators on Thursday crafted a new proposal that would give recorders an out if their religion is opposed to gay marriage, but Senate Democratic Leader Mike Gronstal scorned it as blatantly unconstitutional.State to counties: Obey gay marriage ruling, issue certificates | DesMoinesRegister.com | The Des Moines RegisterWhy is it that people of religion keep trying to seek special privilege for their religious beliefs?Do your job, or get out of the office.Why is it any more special for a "Christian" to have a "religious" belief against homosexuality, as opposed to a NON-Christian having a "non-religious" belief against homosexuality???	But let me guess ... if they step down RIGHT after they find they will have to issue to gay couples, you'd be in favor of them being able to be sued for it, simply because the "discrimination" in such an event was toward gays? Right? At least if you are consistent with your stance elsewhere in regards to 'timing' ... emoticonXRolleyesAnyway, aside from that inconsistency with your position elsewhere, I agree that county officials should need to comply. After all, there are probably OTHER examples whereby county officials have to do things that they are religiously against, such as issue divorce papers. Or marry some drunk couple that they know aren't really being serious even though they're tying the knot ... If all county officials could just refuse to do their job because of their objections--for WHATEVER reasons--it would be a collosal mess.	notsarc
I have already asked God for forgiveness and he has forgiven me.	So, then you DO feel that what you did was a sin. Otherwise you wouldn't have asked forgiveness for it.   I have one question. What was your motivation for starting this thread? Was it to try and somehow prove that a person can be a Christian and have an abortion? Just curious. IMO, you are right that you are forgiven for it, as God is a forgiving and loving God. But I hope you don't do it again.	sarc
depends on what you mean by "evolutionist." If you mean simply change over time, then I guess I'm an evolutionist. I do however, believe the world was created rather recently.	So, you're just an anti-geologist, anti-cosmologist, anti-archaeologist, anti-physicist, and probably a few more that I can't be arsed to think of right now. *shrugs* Might as well get it over with and just say you're an anti-science religious nutter.	sarc
it has 'splintered' in the fact there are more than one way to interpret things.. and how strictly one follows the rituals.  on the other hand, there doesn't seem to be the antagonisation between the various viewpoints that there are with chistianity.. although some of the ultra-conservative are a bit snooty.. that attitude is very much in the minority though.	Well, Jews have always been indecisive. Like this joke says:  Q: How many Jews does it take to screw in a light bulb?  A: 4; 1 to screw it in and 3 to argue about which way it turns.	sarc
you said that re: the trojan war. you asked, should we believe that the greek gods exist. your attack on traditions per se fell apart when you attacked one known to be based on fact.	i am none too surprised to see that the point was totally and utterly lost on you.	sarc
Considering you left-wingers have been wearing out lawyers for the last 100 years trying to get all the vestiges of Christianity erased from our halls of government, our history books, etc., America must have been more of a Christian nation than you will ever admit.	No EasyRidden.. It's you right wing fundies who have attempted for years to rewrite history to fit your religion into our constitution. America is a nation which has always had a population of christians, but it was never a Christian nation. The Words God, Jebus, Holy Spirit.. are NOT included in any of the founding documents. You can continue to ignore the history, you're the one looking like a buffoon.	sarc
I didn't realize you could just summarily disregard a poster's source without providing any info to back this up. You then proceed to attempt to refute unkerpaulie's points but fail to provide any source to support your claims. As far as I can tell you aren't a medical professional who specializes in pre-natal care and development so your argument can't really stand up to criticism on its own. Your can only refute another's points if you have solid data to back them up.	Forgive me. A few minutes with Google ought to give enough info to refute what he said, so I didn't bother.	sarc
hate to have to spoil things, but the rest of the world has really no interest at all in kansas and its scholastic problems	Actually they do. Whether or not you think they should is another matter entirely. Did you not notice where the article came from? From a paper in India. I also found articles on the same subject from papers all over the country as well as in other countries such as Romania.   Save your snobbery for someone else.	notsarc
what party politics? calling people who want to hold bp accountable 'socialists.' mistakes were made, get over it. i've already pointed out the idiocy of attacking bp with a funny cartoon. you attack bp by focusing on its mistakes so that it can be held accountable by trial. if you just ignore those mistakes, it gets off scott free.	accountable by trial? by following the advice given to them? how about holding the advisors accountable? oh wait!! how about holding the people who put the advisors in power accountable? oh shit!!! hold the government accountable! hold the people who put government accountable. hold every citizen accountable. nice work, captain hindsight. you put yourself at trial. 'i shouldn't have acted like i know more about drilling for oil than oil companies'.	sarc
You haven't provided any evidence the Bible is a fairy tale. But I do think you like the sound of those last two words in the previous sentence.It's God or the government (Romans 13) in the NT who dispense capital punishment. If you weren't so consumed with your illicit gay sex escapades to read the NT you would have known that.Keep screwing around and God himself just might take you and/or your buddy Jazy off the earth like he did with Annanias Sapphira in the Book of Acts.	Wow, everyone's just shakin' in their boots that your imaginary god will magick them off the earth! emoticonXKillemoticonXKillemoticonXKillemoticonXBanghead	sarc
You'll have to specify which argument. My response was to your question "Can religious views be logical?"	I posted two versions:1. I am a rational being. Is it logical to assume that a rational entity formed me? (not my parents--on a mankind scale) Is it more logical than to assume that I generated out of inanimate matter incapable of logic? Generated due to "miraculous" odds? I'm not sure what the numbers are. I think the logical sequence is a belief in a higher power rather than a springboard to logic from a primordial soup of nothing.2. I came up with a belief in the supernatural via natural logic--I am a rational being. I could not have therefore come from irrational combinations of inanimate matter that somehow combined to form rational animate matter. I came from a rational source.	notsarc
You're wasting your time Phyllis, these spiritually dead empty suits are just too shallow to appreciate the value of a life they can't communicate with verbally. How pathetic they are not to appreciate that with all of the value and potential they see in themselves, that at one time they were exactly like these unborn children with the same mental existence they now claim is justification for their extermination.	There is the potential for a human that comes out of many, crude and vulgar things. Some end up on a maxi pad or when a guy reaches for the box of Kleenex. Should I feel a special bond with the conceptions rudely flushed out because they couldn't make it to the uterine wall? They had the potential, the DNA, were once a life too, and made a valiant effort. Life is constantly in motion. We don't value all life, or maybe not all life the same. When it appears to have some aspects of human personhood, this would seem like a logical marker, where we'd place greater value.	sarc
More than 350 people are the victim of knife assaults every day in England and Wales, the latest crime figures have revealed.Last night a teenager in Lambeth, London, became the latest victim of the stabbing epidemic, dying in hospital after a frenzied attack.Almost 130,000 attacks involved knives last year - equivalent to one every four minutes - according to the annual British Crime Survey.This figure does not include the tens of thousands of assaults against under-16s.	And then there's this:Alarm at routine patrols by armed police - Crime, UK - The Independent	notsarc
Most evolutionists believe that matter and time were created by a "Big Bang."	But recognition of the big bang as a very good explanation of cosmology isn't limited to evolutionsits. In fact, most other scientists also believe so, most especially cosmologists and astrophysicists, who are directly concerned with the early universe. Evolutionists, even though the origin of matter and time are irrelevant to the study of evolution, are also educated in science and probably accept the work done by these other scientists.	notsarc
When you decide to sin - you are making the decision, not God. He is just allowing it to happen. So you do have free will to make your own choices, but God must "approve" those choices.	if the only choices we can possibly make are the one God approves, then we dont have free will, because we cannot free choose the option that God does not approve of, which means we are forced to only choose the options that God approves of. this is not free will	notsarc
Hey ez, I got a new roll of toilet paper with Jesus face printed on each square and I actuality use it.What better way to wipe out the hate!I am so happy that Jesus allows me to do such things and he never makes a wimpier.I guess maybe it's because he is a wuss like you.	I didn't know neanderthals like you and Mr. Grimm had the social graces to know what to do with toilet paper.	sarc
What was it they said about statistics? Oh yes, I remember: "Lies, damn lies and statistics". I think Jaaaman's sources are agenda pushing behind a screen of figures.	Dude, you only figured that out now? I'm disappointed in you. just joking. Everything he states has a hidden agenda.	sarc
I take it you didn't look at any of the polls.	60% accepting Roe v Wade is a high figure don't you think? More people support abortion then the president.	sarc
Mayabe they were wise, but they didnt have all the knowledge on the topic of power or they would still be in controll today. (I think... But I didnt even graduate from highschool, so what do I know. EH?)	Stalin died of natural causes while in power, I believe. Perhaps the fall of communism is due in part that the purges stopped. So, killing hundreds of thousands of people was wise for Stalin, huh? Good. Good. Anybody disagree with canadianman76?	sarc
its not the governments job to censor information.  for kids being subjected to things on the internet shouldnt be the governments right to have them see certain things and not see others. thats what parents are for.	i love how the government has become the scapegoat for the failure of parents to control their kids, and in turn we are losing more and more civil liberties...	sarc
Playing devils advocate.But statistically you may kill me in the future with your gun. You have to give up your rights now.Your violating my rights. (Although I know you are and I can't name the right nor find the right in the Constitution)	Oh my goodness, yes. I had forgotten that scenario. How silly of me.	sarc
I guess it's not really applicable to you anyway since you got your wiener blown off in Nam.	On the evidence, that must have been where his brain was located.	sarc
Cappy: How sad that you are unable to get this through your twisted brain. The woman with the help of a man, determined a pregnancy. The natural course of any pregnancy is 40 weeks of gestation then live birth. That is the NORMAL, NATURAL course. A woman wanting to end that pregnancy at any point of the gestational period is going against the normal course of nature. The government, in such cases, in the interest of the continuation of the human species, should be able to assist these pregnancies through to live births and make adoptions easier, NOT enable murder.	Ok, so if we are going to let everything take the "normal course of nature", then lets just let everyone die. Have cancer? Too bad, its the natural course of nature that you die. What about heart failure? Sorry, no paddles of life for you. We're going to let nature take its course. Just like your beloved pope, nature is not always right.	sarc
if there is no evidence that adam and eve or eden ever existed, did man really ever commit a sin that caused all of mankind to be fallen?	Yes. The better question is, did it happen just like in Genises? I don't think so.	notsarc
Im shuddering thinking about all the accidental deaths related to children.	I believe the large majority of such deaths occur among inner city kids who don't know anything about guns except for what they see on TV and movies.	notsarc
People are not allowed to smoke in most restaurants now. :)	Exactly, because it's not just an issue of 'her body'. What she does (the smoker) affects other people. Thanks for missing the point.	sarc
Secondly, America must plead guilty in more recent such cases among alliance forces in Afghanistan and Iraq and among civilians in these countries. They all fell victims of illegal American tests of new types of nuclear weapons there!! The fact is staying hidden from rest of the world.	And where exactly did you hear this? I find it hard to believe a governent that couldn't keep an affair or a low-level break-in under wraps could keep something like that secret................. Also if it is true and among alliance forces why do you blame solely the US?	notsarc
Ethmi, shut the hell up! We don't need a dozen threads asking the exact same damn question over and over and over again!	It truly is sad when an opponent is friendlier than an ally, Mega. At least Ian responded in a friendly way, and me and him don't even agree on this issue.	sarc
I was and am fine actually. Don't know about anyone else, but I don't think you have that much impact on our lives SS Who's more arrogant? The person searching for truth or the person who claims to know everything?	oh, it's obvious that non-darwinists have no affect on you guys. Nothing will ever change your mind because your mind is not made up on the evidence...it's made up on your worldview and your belief in materialism.	sarc
I would disagree here about this, in terms of the pro-life view. It's not that mental existence is irrelevant ... quite the contrary; in fact it's the reality that there will SOON be mental existence that makes it matter. I don't think the issue of abortion should ever be divorced from the reality that the embryo will likely grow into a human being ... a human that is human by pretty much anyone's standards. So I suspect that the big difference here is that pro-choicers are more "in the moment" in terms of the way they view the fetus, and pro-lifers are more "long-term bigger-picture" in terms of the way they view the fetus. Certainly the likely potential of what the fetus grows into has a lot to do with the pro-life position on whether it is truly human.	But growth is fairly irrelevant. My sperm can grow into a human too, and have mental existence, yet ejaculating isn't murder. It just becomes a huge debate on where to draw the line, therefore it is best to focus on the state that it is right NOW. Not what it was or could possibly be.That seems reasonable to me.[/QUOTE]	notsarc
That spiritually-challenged, deluded, lying slug Obama couldn't carry Rick's jock strap. The only reason Obama is even in office is because blacks are voting for a black man and free stuff, Hispanics want no borders, and most women don't know or don't care how bad the Obama liberals are digging America into the ground financially.	And you wonder why people call "republicans" racist, women hating bigots. (hint: it's comments like yours)	sarc
I am working here on the assumption that you are not a smoker: how do like it when someone blows tobacco smoke in your face? Do you cough, or do you inhale deeply?	...but you are just fine with marijuana smoke huh?I am working on the assumption that you run home to tell mommie or you run to find your teacher and report it immediately. Midgets like you got to have some backup.How and why do you always change the subject? Can't take the heat? Do you ever read headers?You got a mouth on you as big as grand canyon.	sarc
Well I'm not arguing that this is adaptation...I have never said that.. What I am saying is the environment -- in this case diet is the cause for these traits to emerge in offspring	Oh, undoubtedly - but the offspring aren't inheriting traits as such are they? They're just suffering the same symptoms of malnutrition as their parents, except that for them it's happening in vitro so they exhibit the effects from birth. That's why it's such a bad example for what you're trying to get others to accept.	notsarc
well.. there have been plenty of jesus' till this day. i just don't believe that a certain jesus came to this planet, born by a virgin, walked on water, died on a cross so people can enter heaven.	yeah, that was all just exaggeration and absurdities from religionist to make the story more fantastic and supernatural. or else nobody will ever join them religion.	notsarc
you and your penis metaphors. feeling emasculated, are we? :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::	i love how you're pretending to not know your way around the 50 character minimum... that's cute.	sarc
Maybe you should read up a little bit about what the Bible says on abortion.	It is impossible to read something that can't be found.	sarc
You may not have intended to, but you've given your carte blanche support for a woman to do what ever with her she wishes, with regards to her family - and you'd stick out of it, regardless.	Yes, I would stay out of it, unless I knew the woman, and she spoke up and asked me for an opinion, or advice. And even in the case of the woman being my best friend, and knowing all the different aspects to the situation, I still would not feel comfortable weighing in. Just like if it was me in the situation, I know that ultimately, it would be my decision, and I would have a right to that decision.	notsarc
Actually no such right exists, for you or anybody else. Not in the US Constitution, not in the UN Declaration of Human Rights.	Really? Why don't you go out and start randomly hurting and killing people and see how far that argument gets you in court.	sarc
You will if you ate one of them for diner one day.Sure, cannabalism is against mans laws but, God will recognize the sacred flesh that you've injested and drained of it's spirit and soul, subsuming it into yourself.emoticonXGood	Damn, had 2 of them on my doorstep yesterday. Why didn't I think of that?	sarc
You originated the question above did you not - so there you go. Look in the mirror.	I am not the origin of anything....I originated in my parents....from where did they originate?	sarc
michele, that is a red herring and you know it.........don't insult african americans fight for rights with gay marriage.......	don't you insult african americans!  i have posted a number of times links and comments by prominant black leaders who infact do support gay marriage. when will you stop your 'don't insult african americans' lies when you know all too well just how wrong you actually are?  oh that's right...never, because you just don't care what anyone thinks if it at all differs from your opinion.  weren't you spanked enough in the 'banned people' forum?	sarc
Ironic, since your "Out of China" post was basically the same as this post.You even claim you had no debate point, you were just posting "information". It wasn't until you claimed that evolution relied on those two mutual theories that we proceeded to debate. Maybe this young 13 year old christian is just following in your golden footsteps...you might give them a little leeway if you, yourself, do this as well. Or are you above the rules of the average forum participant? Hmmm.-Mach	Mach, your ability to make the wrong argument on the wrong post continues. I ask a question of this person, you reply not to them, but to me, and with ad hominem, and a 'just-so' statement.	notsarc
Without question my largest beef with God would have to be the fact that according to the Bible you need to believe in God in some fashion or another in order to make it into heaven. The reason this is my beef with him is because it is much more difficult to believe in him when you are born in India than if you are born in the US or Europe. The Indian culture is that of Hinduism and a mix of other religions unlike that of the US and Europe which is primarily Christian. That means being born in the US or Europe gives you a better chance of making it to heaven as you are more likely to end up being a Christian and believing in God. Would the be at all fair if this were the case? My answer is plainly and simply no! It is idiotic infact. If God existed and he was perfect then almost without a doubt he would have to base getting into heaven on the actions of a person instead of the beliefs of a person to be fair. His system would not be at all perfect if being born in one place means you get into heaven while being born in another place means you don't get into heaven. Furthermore this means that he needs to take into consideration other influences on your life including whether or not your parents or community were proper places to grow up and whether or not you were ever given the proper situation in which to change your life to God's expectations. If not given any opportunities or given very few and still turning out to be a decent person should be better than if you turned out to be a decent person and were given many opportunities to end up this way. God in all his perfection would need a very complicated system to judge who gets into heaven in order for it to be fair but I just don't see spelled out in the Bible.	Why would anyone want to get to Heaven? Archangel and people like him would be there, praying and chanting 24/7 . Thanks but no thanks!	sarc
Good questions. I agree that this logic is somewhat flawed (unless quote mined). God could have made Adam and Eve. He could then have planted evidence that life evolved to this point. The miracle could have happened, too, in much the same way.	See my post above, Hi. marc ignores fundamentals of Miller's beliefs that he clearly spells out in trying to push his anti-Miller argument.	notsarc
you agreed with trebor pappy.....now you are back pedalling..re previous post	yes secular governments work. nor does it take much to see the philosophical similarities, as pointed out by trebor, between a religion, such as christianity or islam and communism, socialism, capitalism, totalitarism or a monarchy, but it does require an additional step, hence my comment of 2+2+2.  but just for kicks, let's say i am fully on board with communism as a religion and am now jumping ship on the idea. this would be the only reason you can give, other than what you have misunderstood which is explained abvove, that makes the study flawed. which doesn't take a genius to grasp makes no sense whatsover. so take your time, think about it, because there is an argument to made for your view and i am surprised nobody picked up on it, but let's see if you can figure it out on your own.	sarc
Is this the sort of thing that is being taught at that bastion of liberal science, MIT? How can this be presented as fact rather than theory?New and improved nuclear fuel createdNuclear fission, neutrons and protons, and even the atom itself are just theories. No one has ever seen an atom or a neutron. No one has ever observed an atom split. Why are our liberal news media allowed to present this as fact?Moreover, aren't nuclear reactors designed by intelligent humans? I also notice that this research was funded by our hard earned tax dollars without requiring that the benevolence of God also be researched in equal time. This is yet another shameful example of the godless attitude of science.	Thankyou for bringing to my attention that atoms, neutrons and protons are merely scientific assumptions. Now as I gaze at the night sky with all its' bits and pieces spinning around each other I can sleep happily knowing that our solar system is not part of a housebrick afterall.	sarc
Can you please explain how my views on gun control reveal that I'm racist. Have I proposed a law which would restrict gun usage for only a certain race?	Again???? Gun control laws by design are meant to kept inner city citizens (i.e. black) from owning guns... Liberal terms such as "saturday night special" all have racist undertones. Also since the majority of gun violence in the US is minority on minority... Who are these laws meant to target?	notsarc
I'm used to reading non sequiturs from you, but how on earth you imagine this follows in any way from the post you quote eludes me completely.	Is North Korea a bastion of peace and good-living? Nope. Is it religious? Nope. Therefore obstacles to 'peace' don't necessarily have to be tied in with religiosity.Hope that's spelt out enough for you. Try to keep up.	sarc
Not really. That's the fallacy of exclusion of the middle. Because there are only two choices, if one is wrong somehow, the other is therefore correct. The problem is that there isn't only two choice for sure. Besides, science is wrong all the time, it doesn't prove that creation is right. In fact, for instance, science estaimtes of moon dust have been proven wildly wrong, and those corrections actually harm creation.	You know that, I know that, but the creationists do not know that.	notsarc
try living in the mental health system. crime is distinctly non gender specific.	don't have to change locations for that the majority of the nuts are outside of the institions, i've had my fair share.. thieves bold enough to come in while everbody's home..... true..but the gender most affected? males....	notsarc
if they're just hanging around amongst the minions, that's perfectly legal and not spying. after all, freedom of assembly also applies to federal agents. :)	were it so simple. for the agents to 'freely assemble' among us they, or their superiors, must conclude that we are some sort of threat. would that make you feel loved? on a side note, i'm always surprised at how 'conservatives', normally so worried about government waste, take such a waste of taxpayer dollars so glibly. fbi investigating kiss-ins? joining subversive 'terrorist' xxxx biker groups?	sarc
... I'm here to tell Him that Jesus doesn't exist. So no, I'm not preaching fear at all, only reality.	That's a Damascene conversion if ever there was one! Archie's seen the light!	sarc
1. Exactly so, since the choice of whether or not to accept the hypothesis that a fetus is sentient is very much a mater of discussion among those with the knowledge that gives their opinions weight...	So if it was deemed by 'those with the knowledge that give their opinion weight' that a fetus can feel pain and stress during a termination you would agree that the termination should not be carried out..well done	sarc
read the article, it tells you who found the quote (site intelligence group). in any case, my point is would it matter? these groups are as likely to be pulling reverse psychology (at least in public statements) as anything else, i was pointing out the absurdity of using such endorsements to score political points. btw if you wanted to attack the source, you'd be far better pointing out that the poster, while posting on an extremist website, is not actually an al qaeda member or representative of any kind. rather than actually doing some research, you just put your fingers in your ears and claim the source doesn't exist.	bs, if it's password protected, then how would they access it? then i suppose america would look lovely as the crater in the death star! you're telling me to believe that it exists even though there is no evidence that it does? once again: there's a witness in this courtroom who says that i didn't kill that guy, but i'm the only one who can see him and hear him. in other words, unless the page is showed to me, i have no reason to believe that it exists.	sarc
a rational explanation of what caused the big bang etc.	Well, there is now string theory, which has grown into M-theory, which may have a rational answer (at least a mathematical one). But calling it a theory is really a misnomer. It's more like a hypothetical model.But, do you have a rational explanation for the Big Bang?Or do you think that the Big Bang didn't happen?	notsarc
'prostitution is not a victimless crime as there are child prostitutes, and the human trafficking among other things.' the reason human trafficking if prevelent in prostitution is exactly because it is illegal. if you legalised prostitution, supply of (and demand for) native prostitutes will rise dramatically. do you not see that trafficking and child prostitution would actually be lowered by legalising prostitution? 'legalization of prostitution would lead only to ... a further spread of hiv/aids.' again, do you not see how there would actually be a reduction in sexually transmitted viruses if prostitution were regulated and legalised? the majority of problems with prostitution are directly attributed to their illegal status.	oh really xaeon? netherlands has had prostitution legal for years and they are one of the most primary destinations for humans being trafficked. europe has many countries who have legalized prostitution but suffer from increased human trafficking. but maybe the us is different?  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prostitution_in_the_netherlands  with it legalised more people are having sex with whores, and as soon as a whore is infected she doesn't even know it yet, so if she gets infected with hiv she still has sex with customers up until the day her next 'check up' is which is usually once a week. what happens to the infected prostitute? she gets kicked out onto the street. so thats one more woman infected, and possible many more men.	notsarc
Yes it can, because they can/do own firearms besides those issued by the government. Plus, once they are retired from the military, they get to keep their rifles or pistols. Every round of the military's ammo is acounted for, because they don't want them waisting their money... They can shoot as much of their private stock as they want. Also, they have very stringent guidelines on cleaning your weapons. :)	Hey that would be great. The law would FORCE all anti-gunners of military service age and ability to own a fully automatic rifle. The law would FORCE all anti-gunners to train with the weapon. The law would FORCE VOR to keep his rifle clean. Hey VOR how about it? Keep your rifle clean or go to jail. I'm not talking about my rifle, I'll be glad to keep my free government rifle clean. How about you?	sarc
I can cork a bottle of Two Buck Chuck with a cork that is 100 years old. The point is, how old the wine is, not the cork.	Yeah, cause there are sooo many 100 year old corks just kickin around.	sarc
They compare programs like Eddie Eagle, to the dictator Kim Jong Il.	Yes, that was one of Galileo's more absurd leaps of logic.	sarc
very representational with a 4% floor concerning the national parliament (that is; you need at least 4% of the votes to be given mandates in the riksdag (national parliament))	that explains why your politician can work together i bet your current government is made of a collation ? in the uk parliament we still have a first past the post system where the party with the majority form the government.  it is slightly different in scotland we have a hybrid system of pr and first past the post, the politics in scotland has changed slightly in fact the executive is made up of a collation between two parties. this has the effect of making our politics more consensual where parties can actually discuss and negotiation solutions without party politics and vote scoring.	notsarc
[quote=xcaliber;418906]you are truly delusional. the bush tax cut made the rich richer but did nothing for the economy.quote] that's hog drivel. in the 8 years since the bush tax cuts, tax revenues increased 21.42% but government spending increased 72.27%. december 8, 2010  over the past 8 years since the bush tax cuts went into effect, even with the recession, federal revenues increased 21.42%. but during that same time period, congress increased spending by 72.27%. the united states government doesnt have a tax receipt problem, it has an out-of-control spending problem. in the 8 years since the bush tax cuts, tax revenues increased 21.42% but government spending increased 72.27%. | joshua kennon you're busted again.	yeah a spending problem increasing our deficit by 800 billion  dollars by not taxing the muckety mucks that outsource american jobs to china. oh and where is this borrowed revenue coming from to lets the super rich get a break? china. what are the walton's the owners of wal mart getting by this deal? a 32 billion dollar tax break! i wonder what we could do with 32 billion dollars hmm? you think their going to increase employee wages? healthcare? pump it back into the economy? hell no.... what a scandle. it's the end of this country as we flippin know it people and personally it makes my stomach hurl. go ahead easy. beg the walton's for your lost job back, or your wages, or to pay for your kids books out of charity when the state funds run dry.... go ahead and beg....	sarc
Maybe its from drinking out of the Cuyahoga. I remember back in 68 when it caught on fire and burned for 3 days!emoticonXHoho	Na. Probably from smokin the Bovine Excrement they are trying to pedal! emoticonXSmilie	sarc
diogenes raises a good point, and this applies to all aspects of national security as well. during the clinton administration, reno's justice department and tennet's cia treated terrorism as a criminal act, which it is not. a war does not have to be between countries to be a war.	how exactly is terrorism not a criminal act? i don't see what you're getting at.	notsarc
..and that responsibility and accountability is on both famale and male that created " the means" to form the child.	Well, at least accoreding to your "because I say so" belief. The woman, of course, don't need to pay attention to your desire to control her own body in bondage to your particular brand of outraged morality.	notsarc
I would love to see more discussion of views that are in between the two extremes of abortion illegal at all times, and abortion allowed at all times. My own view is between the two, closer to the pro-choice side.	Yes, it is interesting how we draw an arbitary "legal line in the sand" with regards to determining how late into a pregnancy an elective abortion is available.	notsarc
some of the young people today need to red the bible it is proved that god made the eirth	i don't know if you're joking or not but you made me laugh, thank you :)	notsarc
corrected above, thank you, minus the insult that followed.It still stands however as a rational rebuttal.	It wasn't meant as an insult...just a statement of fact. I likely have as many or more inadequacies than do you.	sarc
Here's a quote from mayr regarding selection,"Only relatively few individuals in a given generation would qaulify and survive the selection procedure. That small sample would be able to preserve only a small amount of the whole variance of the parental population. Such survival selection would be highly restrained." What Evolution Is. pg. 118So....do you evolutionists agree with this? Let's take humans. Are only a few people in this generation "fit" enough to go on to breed? Is Mayr smoking crack or what?????? This theory is pathetic.	And what is the full quote? Was it talking about, lets say for example, tutles, where over 90 percent of them die before reaching adulthood?In many species, that is true. The 'rule of thumb' is that the more individuals do not reach adulthood, the more offspring that species has.	notsarc
There are now two documentary challenges to the integrity of Michael Moore's film:http://www.fahrenhype911.com/ andCelsius 41.11	Michael Moore Hates America is also coming out in theaters some time in October.	sarc
we are all entitled to self-defense, but not all that is legal or moral is advisable. i am not against gun rights, or for the mad-regulators of the left; but if i were zimmerman right now (assuming he is telling the truth) i would be kicking myself now until the day i die for not carrying pepper spray and trying that first. for investigating further when the police told me to keep my distance. for not telling martin i had a gun and i was willing to use it before he got close enough to knock me down. i agree there is plenty of possible damning evidence either way. one piece that would change everything is if zimmerman threw the first punch; in which case trayvon would be defending himself and maybe zimmerman shot him because he was losing. that would not contradict known facts.	freedom dearie are you serious about pepper spray? just yesterday i presented a story where a taser and bean bag rounds from a shotgun did literally nothing against a 68 year old with a bad heart condition. what can a cheap chemical agent do against an adrenaline charged youth who's got more vitality and health on his side than a senior citizen in new york?	notsarc
Well, you stated that gun control "worked well" in Europe during the 30s, which was the time of the holocaust. By stating gun control "worked well", I assumed that you supported or condoned what the nazis were doing to the Jews. However, I assume I was incorrect. And regarding you and Steeeve's childish attacks, I will ignore them at the moment, but if you decide to resume this behavior I will be forced to report it.	Obviously sarcasm escapes you....if you did not understand that remark about gun control working in Europe during the 1930's.Report me? My knees are trembling already.I believe Steeve was expressing his right to free speech.	sarc
Anyhow, I have no problems with the Archaeopteryx. It was an interesting creature, but simply having features present from two different forms (bird and dinosaur) doesn't mean it is a link?	Yes, you do have a problem with Archaeopteryx. You can't explain it from a creationist point of view. I'm not claiming that it is a "link," whatever that may be. It is a transitional form. It is a small theropod dinosaur that has characteristics that are common to theropod dinosaurs and only theropod dinosaurs and their ancestors. It also has characteristics that exist in birds and only birds. Some characteristics exist in both. The furcula, for example. A furcula has been identified in some theropods, but it is rather rare and then only imprefectly preserved. An indication that it may be mostly connective tissue. Archaeopteryx has a furcula. But even at that it doesn't compare to the same structure in birds. It is intermediate. Imagine that!	notsarc
she believes she can treat cops like she did and doesn't really care what reaction they have because she will use it as an excuse to sue them.	It's not about how she treated cops. It's about how cops treated her as an American citizen with rights.	notsarc
OK, take the quotation marks off the word insignificant and answer the question.	I didn't think you had either the intellectual or logical ability to respond. :)	sarc
this outta be good. a creationist actively making himself look like a complete idiot. normally we have to pay for kind of entertainment.  besides, even if he somehow manages to prove that ridiculous claim, that doesn't actually prove god. like i said, normally we have to pay for kind of entertainment.	whoa! duo. give the kid a chance. it seems that you are skeptical that he can offer empirical 'proof' that his god exists. certainly, since he is a 'philosophy and theology' major he must understand the implications of 'proof' in the context of science, as well as the meaning of the term 'empirical'. after all, wouldn't those ideas be something that a philosopher would be expected to understand? so let's await his 'empirical proof' without laughter. wait until he presents his 'empirical proof' before we laugh.	sarc
and that truth can be demonstrated objectively so that all can accept it. something true for some but not others is not true in the true sense of the word.	actually, quite correct. i am surprised. i woudl have thought you more of the relativistic type.	notsarc
the us and turkey struck a deal saying that the us could use turkey airstrips as a staging point if turkey could move into the northern section of iraq. the same northern section which is 80% kurds. the us has essentially handed over thousands of kurdish lives to turkish slaughter. i thought we were 'the shining beacon of life'?	where did you get this from? i want to read it.	notsarc
You throw these insults around like you know what your saying. You are really one of the the most self-deluted zealots I've run across. Keep up the good christer work ArchEvil! You're doing a smash-up job convertin' us heathn's. emoticonXAgree	I can't convert you JSD, only Christ can. But you must be open to Him and His Spirit for that to happen so don't be looking to me to save you. And you may think I'm self deluted, as in somehow watered down, but you are self deluded as in completely entrenched in your bigotry and ignorance of what is right and true. But thanks for judging me. I welcome it. :p	sarc
... here is what is hard to understand about that; In Matthew, 12:30, Jesus says "He who is not with me is against me, and he who does not gather with me scatters".	But Miller is with Jesus (and by extension, you): he says that God exists and that Christianity is true. Or, if you insist that he's against you, you're left with this conundrum: You call Miller and theistic evolutionists incorrect, and he calls you and anti-evolutionists incorrect; why is your position any more logical than his?Regarding your citation about atheists using evolutionary findings to support their concepts, you omit the remainder of the paragraph. Shame on you, marc, for your quote mine. Miller clearly continues with "philosophical pronouncements" that many atheists do not forward. Over the following three paragraphs, he examines a single philosophical insinuation -- not a plethora of them -- and then moves beyond "atheistic philosophical pronouncements."	notsarc
c) Why do these creatures have the right to live at the time you give for question b.	Because that's when the law says that they have the 'right to live.' Rights are legal terms that are fabricated by humans. They are not constant, but rather change whenever we wish to change them.	notsarc
He probably doesn't make a distinction in that. He will count drinking and gun owning as doing both at the same time, kinda like winnie the mute did.	Yeah guess that probably makes me a gun-toten redneck drunk,shooten everything in sight huh.emoticonXKillemoticonXGood	sarc
You seem to think that child services only did this investigation this week. This was an investigation conducted in Feb, and the police and DA office would certainly have access to the report. The fact that they executed warrants and arrested wacko says that perhaps they have more to their case than this investigation. And also, keep in mind, that the "investigation" was done by private investigators hired by wacko, not by the police and DA's office.	I did not say that I thought that, that would be putting words in my mouth. Sure they'd have access to the report... Sneddon probably had his grubby hands on it ASAP. So what if the investigation was done by private investigators? If Sneddon did it, he would plant evidence... he probably did that when they searched MJ's house. Oops I mean... the government NEVER lies. emoticonXWow	sarc
There's no comparing gays to murderers in anything I wrote, Kronus. That's your creation and attempt to belittle. The discussion was on TOLERANCE AND INTOLERANCE. The quote I was responding to was: "It is perfectly acceptable to be intolerant of intolerance." Get the drift now?	Yup, I get the drift. You're the sort that is in denial about how he feels about gays; equating tolerance for gays with tolerance for murderers, while pretending you're doing something else. Now I know how you think, thanks!	sarc
In affirming the absolute sanctity of life, we deny the sanctity of particular lives by putting them at the disposal of others - in the case of abortion, affirming the absolute sanctity of the baby's life involuntarily subordinates the mother to the child.	This is not true. Rather, when there is conflict between one's sanctity of life vs another's quality of life, the sanctity of life must win.	notsarc
SCHUMER: OK. Now, let me ask you this. When you wrote that statement, you did not -- as we discussed yesterday -- when you wrote that the Constitution does not protect the right to an abortion, you had no exceptions. So that would mean, at least in 1985, your view then, there would be no constitutional protection for a woman to terminate her pregnancy even if the termination was needed to preserve her future ability to have children, right?ALITO: Senator, it was a general statement that didn't go into -- it didn't...SCHUMER: But it had no exceptions. You didn't make that...ALITO: It was one sentence, and it certainly didn't represent...SCHUMER: There was no -- you didn't write any exception for that situation. Correct? It just said the Constitution does not protect. It was without exception. And, yesterday, you didn't argue me when I mentioned that without exception.ALITO: I don't recall your using the words without exception. SCHUMER: I think I did.(CROSSTALK)SCHUMER: If you believe...ALITO: Could I just answer that question? It's one sentence and it certainly is not an attempt to set out a comprehensive view of the subject.SCHUMER: No, I understand that. But it was a very strong statement. It didn't talk about any exceptions at all. And the way I read that statement, even if a woman was raped by her father, she'd have no constitutional protection to have an abortion and terminate that pregnancy. If you believe the Constitution protects no right to an abortion that would follow, wouldn't it?ALITO: I think the statement speaks for itself, and it's one sentence and it's not an effort to set out a comprehensive view of...SCHUMER: Knowing these examples, do you still refuse to distance yourself in any way from a broad, unqualified statement, without exception, that the Constitution does not protect the right to an abortion? No ands, ifs or buts, is my words.ALITO: What I actually said was that I was proud of my participation in the Thornburg case in which the government made the argument that it made in the Thornburg case...SCHUMER: But you said in the previous sentence to that statement that you personally held those views.ALITO: That's correct. But what I was talking about there was the Thornburg case and nothing more than the Thornburg case.SCHUMER: I understand. But you haven't rethought the position at all, even knowing these extreme cases and the hardship that it might cause?ALITO: Well, what you have pointed out is exactly why, if the issue were to come up, and one were to get beyond stare decisis, the whole judicial decision-making process would have to be gone through.SCHUMER: You didn't think that through in 1985?ALITO: I was not involved in...SCHUMER: When you wrote the statement. When you wrote that statement.ALITO: And when I wrote the statement what I was saying was that I was proud of what I had done in relation to the Thornburg case, which was to write the memo that the committee is aware of, which did not argue that Roe should be overruled, did not argue that the government should argue that Roe should be overruled, but that the decision should be challenged on other grounds that were quite similar.SCHUMER: I understand what you wrote, but you also -- we can bring the statement up here, but I don't want to go over the thing of yesterday. I would just ask you to think of all the consequences of a broad statement, even from 1985, that the Constitution does not protect the right to abortions. Not an exception of health of the mother, not an exception of rape or incest, not an exception of any of these others. I didn't see any of those in your job application. But I want to conclude on...ALITO: Senator...SCHUMER: Go ahead, please.ALITO: It was one sentence. And I think what you're saying highlights the importance of not addressing this until the judicial process takes place where all of this complexity would be taken into account.SCHUMER: In all due respect, sir, I think it highlights the importance of an obligation to discuss it, particularly in light of a strong statement before.But we'll have to differ on that.	Schumer is a bonafide idiot, as are many in the Senate. He failingly tried to draw Alito into exposing how he would rule on abortion if presented a case. Alito is far too intelligent to be logically trapped by a buffoon such as Shumer.It is also plain to see he interrupts when he supposes the response will indeed make sense against his flailings.	notsarc
Karl,Thanks for offering to teach me. I do have many questions. The sun is shrinking. If one does the math backwards on it, the Earth cannot be as old as evolutionists claim it to be, can it? It would burn up.	The short answer is that it isn't. See the details here: Phil Plait	notsarc
in other words youre happier because the old man did something criminal and broke the law. admit it.	so the old man was doing something criminal by carrying a firearm for self defence? the bar***d! how can you do such a thing, breaking the law like that, or maybe if the criminal who beat him up was the one who actually deserved to be charged, or better shot. so you think that this man who was following the law (texas case) deserved to go to jail for defending his property and anybody else who may have been hurt, killed as a result of their next crime? are you actually insane? have you lost your marbles? what is wrong with you?	sarc
(Playing devil's advocate)And, by what authority would you deny a woman's "right to choose" an abortion that happens to be "late in her pregnancy?"	Thats a very good question. To be honest - I would prefer no legislation period - but I would not get up in arms about a late term restriction like I described because 1) a fetus could very well survive outside of the mom at that point, 2) most reputable doctors won't conduct an abortion at that stage without a legitimate medical reason anyway.	notsarc
ooo, you had your gut cut open??  what a pity. i think you could have avoided alot of suffering if you had just used a condom. if you don't want another mouth to feed then just take birth control or use a condom.  why shouldn't fetuses have rights? once they're a fetus, then eliminating them is technically killing them. and at nine months, they're no longer dependent on it's mother's blood, and therefore is technically a baby. at nine months, you're not killing a fetus, you're killing a baby.	why do you assume the poster didn't use birth control? they said nothing about birth control; only a statement on being pregnant and having an abortion. also, why do you make any assumptions about suffering? according to the poster, suffering was avoided. condoms are not 100% effective. a childhood friend's younger sibling was the product of a failed condom, among other factors. nine months and nine weeks are completely different.	notsarc
This has nothing to do with religion whatsoever.	Well... someone hasn't been following the campaigns for the so-called "protection of marriage" amendments, federal or state.	notsarc
That is between them and God. They have not done so, and I suspect that their interpretation of 'The great commissoin' is much different than yours.You, after all, reject anybody who doesn't believe the way you do.	Look who's talking.   Besides, it's a free country. It's not "Politically Correct Treborville" that we're playing here.	sarc
And for decades, evolutionist fools proclaimed they had decoded the Book of Life.they said that individual genes controlled individual traits. Well all that came to a crashing halt when the Human Genome Project showed that the one-gene/one-phenotype concept was indeed a fairytale. Instead, to the shock and dismay of teary-eyed evolutionists, they found that the human genome only has about 25,000 genes  over 100,000 short of their estimate. This meant their theory about how they thought life worked had to be scrapped.	So a theory was revised... does that mean that it was wrong afterwards?	notsarc
Chuz, the purpose of this summary is not to summarise your arguments as a whole - it is to summarise what your argument is up to this point. Why not post just a summary of your position so far, as you see it - I can do the same, then you can continue with your argument?There's no point in writing an argument, summarising it and then leaving the thread before I've had a chance to respond to even your argument (never mind your summary). If you are going to simply ignore any criticisms of your reasoning, then I struggle to see the point of you repeatedly requesting a one-on-one debate in the first place - you essentially regress your argument to the 'because I said so' that you are (presumably) hoping to avoid, it's just that there's slightly more detail.	I see your point, Iangb but I'm not about to be leaving before you've had a chance to respond. I won't be "leaving" at all. You challenged me to produce an argument, so I'm going to produce my argument. I will then summarize the argument, and you can respond to it and we can then discuss / debate those specifics that you have a problem with.Truthfully, this is how I should have first responded to your challenge. Doing it piece meal has only resulted in a less focused debate.--Chuz	notsarc
yet you have no idea what kind of marriage bill and hillary have. they could have and open marriage, or a swingers understanding. bill gets to have his way with all the women he wants too and so does hillary.	there is plenty of evidence on what kind of marriage the clintons have. i am not making this up out of whole cloth, i am referring to the jr. senator's own words in her memoir 'living history': hillary rodham clinton felt 'dumbfounded, heartbroken and outraged' when she learned of the affair and said that she could 'hardly breathe' when she learned the rumors of the affair were true. 'gulping for air, i started crying and yelling at him: 'what do you mean? why did you lie to me?' mrs clinton writes.  doesn't sound like such a swingin good time ey what? but don't take my word for it, go down to the library and read pg 502.  i stand by my previous thesis.	notsarc
lmao! did you read my last sentence, the conclusion of my post? and i quote: "so to answer your question: yes" damn im so evasive! since you asked the question again, ill answer again <snip>stuff about us being in a democratic system</snip> as a christian, if a legal matter is being contested, and you want to oppose it, you are certainly welcome to do so. as a gay, if you want to propose a legal matter, a christian should be equally welcome to contest it. it is doing unto others as they would have others do unto them, so to answer your question: yes	Was that so hard? Anti gay Christians do want gays to oppose their, marriages, discriminate against them, oppose christians from being able to adopt, and practice thier religion. Since anti gay christians are doing all these things to gay people then that is how they want gay people to treat christians.	sarc
You are making a mockery of the 2nd Amendment. You know the answer.	I am not making a mockery of the second ammendment (and so what if I am. Isn't free speech on the first ammendment?). I am actually asking a legitimate question and have yet to have it answered. WHERE DO WE DRAW THE LINE? The second ammendment sheds no light on this. If I was mocking anything it was that you were dodging the question because you want to say no limits although in face of something so obvious you are embarrassed at such a statement.	sarc
see for yourselves. the fact remains that in the caribbean, the small towns and the pre-invasion african countries, poverty and crime was near nil. yes criminals existed, but not in the rampant way we see today. and yes people had no money, but everyone was self-sufficient and contented with the standard of life. there were no huge social gaps like there are today.	Are you kidding me?! You think that blacks living in Third World Carribean and African countries are "content?!" They're starving by the tens of thousands per day or living so far below the poverty level that it's unimaginable. Maybe you should wander off the beach sometime and see for yourself.	sarc
my biggest problem with the gay rights issue is their tireless and often deceptive efforts to drag science into the whole thing. we know that there is nothing that ties biology and genes into sexual orientation, yet the gay society insists that there is, supporting shabby studies with inconclusive results and publishing them as facts. i have absolutely no problem with the gay lifestyle, marriage rights or social place. but when it must be done under the guise of false science, there is a problem from what ive seen, homosexuality, and sexuality on a whole, is indeed a complex issue. it is misunderstood, and many 'authorities' on the subject submit conflicting reports, making the issue even more complicated. not only that, but people guard their sexuality with strong emotions, and therefore tend to believe what they want to believe about it. it makes finding the truth 10 times more difficult.	we do? how do we know that? i will agree that there is not yet proof to make such a link, but i am unaware of proof that there is no link. did i miss something?	notsarc
